

    Chapter Text
  Chapters:
1.) Lord of the Flies- Jalph, implied Rogice, M/M. - (Modern AU)
2.) Death Note/South Park- Mello/Matt, a bit of Matsuda/Kenny but platonic???, M/M- shipping isn't the main focus, Crack, TW -
3.) Nonfandom- Surprise because it's the prompt, F/F, Crack, TW ?
4.) South Park- Creek, M/M, the chapter I stopped proofreading them -.- ?+
5.) Lord of the Flies- no ships. They'll never get rescued at this rate... + (Surprise AU)
6.) Nekopara- No ships I think, TW, + (Dystopian AU, Evil Morty's in it?)
7.) Nonfandom- Ice cubes, F/M, Crack, TW, ?
8.) Nonfandom- No ships?, Crack?, -
9.) Nonfandom- Implied OC ship, F/F, TW, + (but I don't think it makes sense to anyone other than me)
10.) Lord of the Flies- Jalph, M/M, TW, +  (Dystopian AU)
11.) South Park- Creek, M/M, this one is my favourite so far, + (Tweek X Craig didn't happen AU)
12.) Attack on Titan: Junior High- Surprise, M/F, Crack, + (it's a good crackfic. A bad actual fanfic)
13.) The Emoji Movie- ;-) / Addie, F/F (yeah I don't even know), Crack, TW, +
14.) Little Witch Academia- Dianakko, F/F, Crack-ish, +
15.) Lord of The Flies- Rogermon (main ship), Jalph, Ralmon (both play minor roles in the plot), M/M, TW, + (Aged up AU)
16.) Matthew the Magnicifebt- Matthew/Everyone, F/M, Crack, + (for a crackfic, - for a fic)
17.) South Park- Bunny, M/M, TW, + (1920s AU)
18.) Wings of Love (my own fandom of two people and my pet project)- Quinetsuno, M/M, TW, + (I love this thing)
19.) 10 Billion Wives- Zombie Wife/Husband, M/F, TW, +
20.) Nonfandom- No ships, This one really sucks and doesn't have a plot sorry, -
21.) Matthew the Magnicifebt- No ships, Crack-ish, +
22.) Doki Doki Literature Club- Monika/Player, F/?, Crack-ish, - (it's really weird)
23.) Bible- Implied Yahweh/Michael (but you wouldn't know that from reading it), Crack, TW!!!!!, ?-
24.) Nonfandom?- Me/Michael apparently, M/F, Crack, it's not even in a modern language so it's hard to read, -
25.) Minecraft- Implied Steve/Player, M/?, Crack, TW?, -
26.) Hetalia- Czech/Slovakia, F/M, TW, +
27.) Nonfandom- Sock Puppets, M/M, Crack, TW, ?-
28.) Rick and Morty- Morty/Jessica, M/F, Crack-ish, TW, -
29.) Nonfandom- No ships, Crack, TW, +
30.) DokiDoki Literature Club, Sayori/Player, F/M, TW, +
31.) FNAF, Balloon Girl/Jeremy???, Crack, TW, -
32.) Lord of the Flies, Crack-ish, TW, -
33.) Nonfandom, idek, CRACK, TW, +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ by far the best oneshot of them all
34.) Nonfandom, crack-ish???, minor TW, ?
35.) Lord of the Flies, Ralmon, M/M, TW, +
36.) Nonfandom, Crack, TW, ?
37.) The Amazing World of Gumball, Platonic Gumwin, ?-
38.) South Park, Kyman, Claig, Tweekman, Creek, Kyde, Cupid Me/Cartman, M/M, CRACK, TW, +
39.) Nonfandom, Crack, ?-
40.) South Park, Bunny, M/M, TW, +- (it started out good but ended really badly)
41.) Nonfandom, OC/OC???, M/M, mild NSFW but it's only about 200 words long, + tbh
42.) Bible, Crack, TW, ---
43.) Lord of the Flies, Ralmon, M/M, TW, ? (Again, it started good and has a good premise but an awful ending)
44.) Attack on Titan, Armin/Annie, M/F, +?
45.) Steven Universe, Lapidot, F/F, crack (in a good way?), little bit of TW, +
46.) Nonfandom, Surprise (implied), M/M, crack, +++++++++++
47.) South Park, Kyman, Background Heiman, Background Style, M/M, F/M, +
48.) Nonfandom, Crack-ish, + (as far as crack goes this one's okay)
49.) 10 Billion Wives, Oni Wife/OC, F/F, TW (lots of them), +
50.) Nonfandom, Narrator/Everyone, Multi, Crack, +?
51.) NTverse (my own AU/fandom thing?), A lot of pairings, multi, Crack, ?
52.) Nonfandom, Crack, TW, ?
53.) Nonfandom (?- sorta NTverse?), Me/Everyone?, Background Kyman for some reason, Kyle/Everyone, Multi, Crack, +
54.) Reality, Coco/Ben, M/F, +
55.) We Bare Bears, + (it actually has no ships, isn't crack and doesn't have any trigger warnings! O.o)
56.) Lord of the Flies, Ralmon, M/M, Crack-ish, TW, -
57.) Hetalia, Engsey, F/M, +
58.) Nonfandom, lol;;;, ?/?, Calling it Crack would be offensive but yes it's crack, +
59.) Lord of the Flies, Even More Ralmon, M/M, Crack, TW, +?
60.) South Park, Stendy but it's actually Style, M/F, M/M, Crack-ish, TW, -
61.) Rick and Morty, Mentioned Rick/Unity, ?/M, TW, +
62.) Be More Chill, Michael/Jeremy, M/M, TW, +
63.)
64.)
65.)
66.)
67.)
68.)
69.)
70.)
71.)
72.)
73.)
74.)
75.)
76.)
77.)
78.)
79.)
80.)
81.)
82.)
83.)
84.)
85.)
86.)
87.)
88.)
89.)
90.)
91.)
92.)
93.)
94.)
95.)
96.)
97.)
98.)
99.)
100.)
101.)
102.)
103.)
104.)
105.)
106.)
107.)
108.)
109.)
110.)
111.)
112.)
113.)
114.)
115.)
116.)
117.)
118.)
119.)
120.)
121.)
122.)
123.)
124.)
125.)
126.)
127.)
128.)
129.)
130.)
131.)
132.)
133.)
134.)
135.)
136.)
137.)
138.)
139.)
140.)
141.)
142.)
143.)
144.)
145.)
146.)
147.)
148.)
149.)
150.)
151.)
152.)
153.)
154.)
155.)
156.)
157.)
158.)
159.)
160.)
161.)
162.)
163.)
164.)
165.)
166.)
167.)
168.)
169.)
170.)
171.)
172.)
173.)
174.)
175.)
176.)
177.)
178.)
179.)
180.)
181.)
182.)
183.)
184.)
185.)
186.)
187.)
188.)
189.)
190.)
191.)
192.)
193.)
194.)
195.)
196.)
197.)
198.)
199.)
200.)
201.)
202.)
203.)
204.)
205.)
206.)
207.)
208.)
209.)
210.)
211.)
212.)
213.)
214.)
215.)
216.)
217.)
218.)
219.)
220.)
221.)
222.)
223.)
224.)
225.)
226.)
227.)
228.)
229.)
230.)
231.)
232.)
233.)
234.)
235.)
236.)
237.)
238.)
239.)
240.)
241.)
242.)
243.)
244.)
245.)
246.)
247.)
248.)
249.)
250.)
251.)
252.)
253.)
254.)
255.)
256.)
257.)
258.)
259.)
260.)
261.)
262.)
263.)
264.)
265.)
266.)
267.)
268.)
269.)
270.)
271.)
272.)
273.)
274.)
275.)
276.)
277.)
278.)
279.)
280.)
281.)
282.)
283.)
284.)
285.)
286.)
287.)
288.)
289.)
290.)
291.)
292.)
293.)
294.)
295.)
296.)
297.)
298.)
299.)
300.)
301.)
302.)
303.)
304.)
305.)
306.)
307.)
308.)
309.)
310.)
311.)
312.)
313.)
314.)
315.)
316.)
317.)
318.)
319.)
320.)
321.)
322.)
323.)
324.)
325.)
326.)
327.)
328.)
329.)
330.)
331.)
332.)
333.)
334.)
335.)
336.)
337.)
338.)
339.)
340.)
341.)
342.)
343.)
344.)
345.)
346.)
347.)
348.)
349.)
350.)
351.)
352.)
353.)
354.)
355.)
356.)
357.)
358.)
359.)
360.)
361.)
362.)
363.)
364.)
365.)



    Chapter Text
  6.pm
Matsuda was nervous. Despite being friends with the guys for several years, they'd never been to his house and he was wondering if they'd like it. He'd tried to clean, but naturally boredom had taken over him quickly and he'd returned to writing practise love letters to Misa Amane (the most popular girl in school). He sighed. Oh well. At least Cartman wasn't coming. Now the person most likely to rip on him was Mello, who would be too busy staring at Matt anyway. 
A sharp ring of the doorbell startled him and he shoved the letter into his dresser drawer, rushing downstairs to greet whoever just arrived. He flung open the door to reveal a flash of green and blue. Stan and Kyle had arrived together it seemed, and they both smiled upon seeing Matsuda. 
"Hey guys! Welcome!" He grinned, pushing his nerves to the back of his mind. This was going to be his first all-nighter, and he planned to enjoy it.
"Hey Matsuda. Are we the first ones here?" Kyle asked, already staring past him into the hallway as Stan held up a hand in greeting. Matsuda nodded and beckoned for them to enter, deciding to give them the grand tour of the place before they settled down to play some video games.
7.pm
As Stan and Kyle launched into their 15th co-op round of 'Guitar Hero Live' on the hardest difficulty, Matsuda began to fidget. He was glad that his current guests were having a good time, but Mello and Matt were totally late, and he still had no idea if Kenny or Near were showing up. In a way, he almost wished that he'd gone to see Aizawa and Mogi at Craig's house instead. Even if they were supposed to be his 'rivals', they had been his friends long before he made friends with the South Park boys, and he rarely saw them now due to the rivalry between their clique and his.
Suddenly Matsuda was wistful, wondering why everything had to be so complicated. The cheer from his guests as they beat the round caused him to look up and then immediately go slack jawed at their perfect score. 
"H-how did you get so good at this? I've never even gotten past the first song..." he stuttered in awe. Stan and Kyle's incredible relationship really was something to behold. He was almost jealous. Then again, he'd only gotten the latest Guitar Hero because they recommended it to him, and had never particularly enjoyed it.
"It's not that hard really." Stan started as he placed his guitar controller next to the console and sat down next to Matsuda. For a moment, Matsuda thought that he saw a slight grimace on Stan's face at the sight of the Xbox One. Maybe he preferred Play Stations or something.
"You just have to get used to the controls and timing. The controller on this version's different to the last ones, but it doesn't really make much of a difference to gameplay." Kyle continued, sitting on the other side of Stan. Matsuda glanced again at their score. Was it really that easy?
Just as he wondered again if Mello and Matt were even going to turn up, a loud banging at the door accompanied by an irritated yell of "Open up, Matsuda! My chocolate's fucking melting!" sent a flood of relief through him. He excused himself politely and went back downstairs to open the door for his friends.
"Took you long enough."  Mello shot him a stubborn glare, chocolate bar hanging out of his mouth as he clutched another in one hand, completely ignoring the hypocrisy of the statement. His other hand was holding a rope attached to a small trailer carrying three large boxes. If Matsuda hadn't known better, he would have thought it was booze. But no. It was chocolate, and they weren't allowed any of it. He smiled politely and took the rope from Mello, dragging the trailer (heavier than it originally seemed) through the hallway and into the kitchen. 
"You'd better be careful with those! It took three hours to get them up here!" Mello's words were punctuated with obnoxious chewing sounds as he took bites of both chocolate bars while he spoke. Matsuda was more surprised that they had set off two hours early just to get the copious amounts of sugar up the hill to his house and had still ended up being an hour late.
"Actually, there were four boxes originally, but *someone* forced us to leave without eating anything and ate all the chocolate in one on the way." Matt followed behind him, smirking a little. He had an unlit cigarette dangling from between his lips and was also holding a chocolate bar. Matsuda smiled a little. So Mello had decided to share after all...
"Hey! Don't put all this on me! You're the one who forced us to walk here. We could have easily asked Kiyomi or Halle for a car." Mello huffed, shoving past Matsuda once he'd ensured that his precious chocolate was safely tucked away in the freezer (NEVER the fridge. His chocolate was way too good for the inferior chilling powers of the *refrigerator*).
"How would Takada-chan even get a car? She's the same age as us." Matsuda pointed out, letting the 'chan' slip by mistake. He passed these things off as being Japanese and living there for a few years before moving to Colorado, but really he was just a tentacle loving weeaboo. Luckily no one commented on it this time.
"She's Light's girlfriend. She could easily kill someone to get a car." Matt snorted and Matsuda gasped in horror which was only half fake.
"Mello! You're really still saying that Light is Kira? I saw that notebook you said was a 'Death Note'. It's just got Kenny's name written down in it over and over, and he's still alive! He might be coming over tonight, actually." 
"Might?" Matt asked with another smirk as he dragged a protesting Mello up the stairs. Matsuda quickly followed.
"Yeah. He wasn't really clear either way as to whether he was coming, so I'm keeping it as a might. We're not going to sleep tonight anyway, so it doesn't matter when he shows. We won't be asleep when he arrives or anything." Talking about their plan to stay up all night sent a thrill through him. He'd always been good and listened to what his parents and role models (especially Light- he was one of the coolest kids in school, but also one of the most moral and kind people he'd ever met!), but the thought of being a little rebellious excited him.
When they arrived upstairs, Stan and Kyle were playing Guitar Hero again. Matt unplugged the Xbox, ignoring their indignant shouts, and plugged in a Wii instead. For some reason, Matt always brought a Wii with him to sleepovers, and he always wanted to play Super Smash Bros. Matsuda found it a little perturbing, but everyone liked the game so he didn't complain about it. Soon enough everyone had a Wii remote and was beating the shit out each other whilst screaming.
11.pm
Mello was on a sugar high. He'd gone through two boxes of chocolate on his own, and the others were scavenging through the third as he aggressively tried to beat up the edge of the map in SSB. Stan was supposed to be fighting him, but pitied him too much to do so, so instead he started to play Truth or Dare with Matsuda and Matt.
"I still don't get why you guys wanna try it so much. It's super lame." Kyle had said when Matsuda first suggested it and Matt excitedly agreed. They did constantly ask to play it, but only because no one ever wanted to and they were curious to try it out with more than two people playing. Still, he eventually joined in too.
As they began to get into the weirder truths ("Are Ryuzaki and Light together?"; "Do you like anyone?" ((that one was asked a lot and caused lots of awkward glances and mumbled out 'no's)); "Does Mikami like anyone?" ((Matt asked it in the hopes of proving a theory he'd had for a while, but no one knew the answer so he was only ridiculed for wasting his turn.)) and many more), Matsuda's window was slowly rolled open and a sudden mass of blond hair and writhing limbs came flying through, crashing into the middle of the circle.
Kenny.
"Yo guys! What'd I miss?" He asked innocently with a cheesy grin, either not noticing or not caring about the glares directed at him from the others. 
"Dude, what are you doing here so late?" Stan asked, still a little shocked from the impact but not really surprised. This was Kenny after all. The blond scratched the back of his head in a way he probably thought looked cute and sat down in the middle of the slightly broken up circle. 
"Well, I was hanging out at Craig's house with those weird Amane enthusiasts-" Matsuda internally winced a little at the nickname for his friends "-and I ended meeting with Ryuzaki, who asked me if Light was with you guys. So, being the amazing," he flipped his hair, "friend I am, I came over here to check it out." 
Matsuda felt a little hurt that Kenny had ditched his sleepover to hang out with Craig, but at least he'd arrived in the end, even if it was only to spy on Light. 
"Well, I didn't invite him, but we can call him if you want..." Matsuda, ever trying to be polite, wondered if Kenny would bother calling him. They were going to see him at school in two days anyway. Why did Ryuzaki even care? Of course he thought that Light was Kira too, but it was stupid. Kira was just a school myth. The killings happening lately couldn't be down to some notebook, and they definitely weren't anything to do with Light! Sometimes Matsuda just wished they wouldn't pick on him so much. Light was a good person. He didn't deserve that. If Kira was anyone, it would be Cartman for sure.
"Yeah! We totally should. Ryu said I had to ask him this question if I saw him to... gauge his reaction I think? You can probably do that through phone, right?" Kenny shrugged a little, seemingly indifferent.
"Like what? 'Raito-kun. Are you Kira?' " Matt asked, putting on a fake, fairly racist accent which appeared to be some sort of Ryuzaki impersonation. It didn't work, especially since he didn't sound Japanese anyway.
"Nope!" Kenny smiled and grabbed Kyle's phone, seeming to know exactly where it was. Kyle shot him a glare, but he ignored it and dialled a number. The phone rang once, twice, and then someone (presumably Light) picked up.
"Hey Raito, it's me. Yeah, I know this is Kyle's phone, so what?" Kenny made a strange motion with his hand as if twirling the non-existent phone cable around his finger as he spoke, a mischievous glint in his glittering blue eyes.
"What? No, that's not true! I was just sitting here, alone, bored, and I thought of something I wanted to ask you..." The phone wasn't on speaker, but Matsuda could make out the irritation in Light's voice from where he sat either way. He had never seemed to like Kenny even though his notebook seemed to reveal some unhealthy obsession with him.
"No, it's nothing to do with Ryu! I already told you that Raito!~" Everyone waited in silent anticipation. It seemed to be more of a prank call than anything, but it was still pretty exciting. Mello, on the other hand, had stolen the final box of chocolate when no one was looking and was rooting through it like a crazed hoarder in a post-apocalyptic world. 
"God, you're so aggressive." Kenny suddenly laughed, covering the receiver  and mouthing 'I think he just had a heart attack' or something like that. Matsuda couldn't lip read, but he knew Light acted weirdly when the word 'God' was used like that. Maybe he was religious or something and didn't like hearing it taken in vain?
"Sooo, the question was : 'Do shinigami like apples?' " Matt started laughing again whilst Stan and Kyle shared a look of confusion. Kenny remained unperturbed despite the weirdness of the question. It was quite strange of Ryuzaki to want to know that. He hadn't taken him as the sort to believe in shinigami, let alone Light.
"Hm? Yeah, I'm totally alone. Why?" Kenny kept talking to Light for a little while, cheerfully discussing the ins and outs of modern literature and how shoujo manga was good, but not when used as a way to get two idiots together. Somehow Matsuda felt that that was an anime reference. Maybe it was his inner weeaboo calling to him...
Less than a minute later, Kenny was dead.
He had been in the middle of a sentence when he stopped short, the phone falling from his hands and hitting the carpet. Kyle had at first panicked, but then realised that it was Kenny who was in more danger, not his phone. Then everything was a blur. 
Kenny twitched and convulsed, trying and failing to speak, then hit the floor whilst Matt just stared in shock. Even Mello had stopped manically consuming chocolate. And Matsuda... He didn't know what to do. What he was supposed to do. As for Stan and Kyle... Well, they actually seemed quite calm about the whole thing. As soon as Kenny's head touched the ground, Matsuda felt his pulse and proclaimed what everyone already knew: "He's dead."
Stan suddenly came back to life, yelling "Oh my God! Kira killed Kenny!", which Kyle quickly followed up with "You bastard!" like it was routine to them. And then they had to do something.
Matsuda called 911, unsure if that was what he was meant to do when Kenny was already dead, whilst Kyle called Ryuzaki and explained what had happened. Mello had grabbed a chocolate wrapper and was quickly scribbling down notes on what had just happened, breathing hard and ragged.
The night went by faster than any other. All Matsuda could remember was the sirens and the lights and the screams and the suddenly silent phone, and Kenny, oh God, *Kenny*...
7.am
Matsuda woke up with a jolt, sweat dripping down his forehead. He glanced around the room to find his friends lying there, all safe and sound. No Kenny. He grabbed his phone and dialled Kenny's number, willing desperately for it to pick up...
"Yo." The groggy, mumbled greeting was all it took for Matsuda to virtually scream into the phone, waking up his friends and startling Kenny, but it was alright. He was alright. It had all just been one big nightmare, and Kenny was *alive*.
"Are you okay? Still kicking it?" Matsuda tried to sound casual, but he was breathless and overjoyed and so, so relieved.
"Y-yeah... did you think I wasn't or something?" His voice was still hard to make out- was he wearing that parka?
"Yes. B-but it was all just a dream! A really vivid one... Sorry for waking you up." He smiled apologetically, forgetting that Kenny couldn't see him. For a moment the blond was silent, and then he reappeared.
"S'fine... I'll see you on Monday I guess?" His voice held a strange emotion that Matsuda couldn't name, and he still somehow got the feeling that something was seriously wrong.
"Yeah. On Monday." The line went dead, and all Matsuda knew was that something had changed that fateful night. And he needed to find out what.



    Chapter Text
  The moist grass and biting cold of the night air would have made Ralph uncomfortable if he wasn't preoccupied by the burning sensation of liquor swirling through his veins and making his mind fuzzy. The obnoxious rave music Bill had insisted on playing throughout the night had long since stopped, and no one had made a move to turn it back on. 
Already the group of teenagers had gone through twelve six-packs of beers and Maurice was cracking open a thirteenth whilst Bill laughed raucously, protesting in a slurred voice that they shouldn't drink into the New Year on the thirteenth pack because it was 'unlucky'. Ralph didn't see why he cared so much- he'd never been particularly superstitious, and the beer was great. Mostly because it served as a distraction from the unnecessary closeness of the redhead next to him.
At the start of the evening, Merridew had been on the opposite side of the hill from him. Now he was practically in his lap, an arm looped lazily around his shoulders. Ralph had tried to make this bother him; to push him off, but the liquor made him weak and too laid back to care. It was slowly becoming difficult to ignore the way Jack leaned into him, the way he slowly licked residual beer from his slightly cracked lips, the way Ralph wanted those lips to be on his- wait, no, that's the alcohol talking!
In a disturbing moment of vivid sobriety, Ralph leaned away from Jack's touch, causing a low whine to emerge from the taller boy. He shot the blond a drunken glare and turned back to the television, his arms tightly folded over his chest.
Even though most of the time they despised each other, alcohol had always caused Ralph and Jack to behave very differently around each other. It was Maurice who took advantage of this the most, constantly trying to lure them into getting drunk so he could take photos of them actually being friendly towards each other. This night was no different really. He'd dragged a TV and a small generator alongside thirty packs of beer up onto the hill by himself just to laugh at everyone getting drunk and to see just how far they'd go. He'd even brought fireworks- probably not enough, but the ones he did have were hard enough to get anyway. 
At first, Ralph had questioned him on whether they were legal, but now he didn't care. He just wanted to see those colours embellishing the clear blackness of the night sky, free from light pollution for once, and hear the bangs of gunpowder which snapped him into focus. He felt too unfocused, too oversensitive, and he needed release.
The people on the TV were getting rowdier, and Simon quietly reached for the remote and turned the volume up. He was the only one still sober, and therefore the one charged with manning the remote for the countdown. He glanced at Ralph for a moment, and when their eyes met he quickly looked away. Normally, Ralph would have picked up on this, but for now his mind was on Merridew.
As both the boys and the people on TV yelled out the numbers, Maurice shoved his phone into Bill's supposedly capable hands and raced over the hill to light the fireworks. Bill laughed and started recording as Roger moved out of frame, his expression unreadable but he was probably annoyed. Simon lit a sparkler with a small smile whilst Robert waved his in the air maniacally. Jack had started to move closer to Ralph again, his eyes dark with some strange, uncontrollable emotion. For Ralph, it was almost as intoxicating as the beer.
By the time Maurice returned, the countdown was at two. Ralph found that everything had slowed down. He felt like time was moving at a snail's pace, and he was frozen as Jack's face inched towards his. Every time his mind unfocused like this, the boy he hated was suddenly the most perfect person in the world. Intoxicating, thrilling, and dangerous; he made life worth living. And here, seeing him so close that he could make out every little detail of his face, each freckle, the way his hair fell into his eyes, Ralph wondered if perhaps Jack had been feeling the same way. Maybe the liquor was messing with both of them.
As the countdown reached one, Maurice tackled Roger to the ground, much to the dark haired boy's protests, and screamed with an insane grin as the others tried to sing 'Auld Lang Syne' (Bill was singing 'Never Gonna Give You Up' to the tune of 'Auld Lang Syne', but it was good enough). 
Meanwhile, Ralph, possessed by alcohol and forced to obey nothing but his own crazed desires- gently leaned forwards in a single, alcohol clouded, life changing moment, and pressed his lips to Jack's. The kiss was slow at first as it took Jack a moment to properly register what was happening, but then before the blond could get used to the pace he was roughly kissing back, forcing Ralph's soft lips apart and slipping his tongue into the cavern of his mouth, tasting beer and something sweet mixed together in a beautiful symphony of lust and drunkenness. Ralph moaned softly into the touch, suddenly realising that this was something he'd wanted for a long time, and already he craved more...
And then a wolf whistle broke them apart far too early, a small trail of saliva still joining them together. Maurice and Bill were laughing like savages, holding the phone between them as Simon stared with a mixture of shock and concern on his face. Robert looked a little disgusted and Roger, apathetic as ever, stared up at the sky, ignoring them all.
Ralph found himself blushing hard and trying desperately to catch his breath for the sake of his dignity. Quickly he turned to watch the fireworks as well, trying to pretend that what just occurred had never happened just for a few more minutes. Jack, on the other hand, ran at the others almost instantaneously, knocking them off guard enough to grab the phone and quickly delete the video. He threw it back hard so that it nearly fell off the hill as Maurice rushed to catch it, screaming as if he was being murdered about losing his Techno Kitten Adventure scores (HE WAS IN THE TOP 10 OF THE LEADERBOARD GODDAMMIT!!!!!)
As the fireworks fizzled out amongst the stars, Ralph wondered what had just happened, what this meant, and if they'd even remember it tomorrow. He sipped his beer wearily, and decided that for now, he'd deal with the consequences later. Now, reflecting quietly as the night air made him feel less insane, he concluded that the kiss hadn't been a bad experience at all, and he really wouldn't mind trying it again whilst sober. And despite it all, he didn't really hate Jack Merridew as much as he'd thought.
Well, it really had been quite an interesting start to the New Year after all.



    Chapter Text
  Once upon a time, in a lonely bathroom, a toothbrush lay on the side. She was lonely, just like the world she lay in, watching people walk in and out but never linger. The bedroom and living room were always busy and full of life; the kitchen and dining room too. And what did she get? A mostly empty room usually filled with awful smells, steam and water everywhere and the attempts to keep it clean getting worse and worse. And all people did was shove her in their mouths like she was an amenity; a nothing. She was sick of it. Her name was Jessica, and she was a toothbrush.
In a box in the lower depths of the bathroom cabinet, another young lady was feeling exactly the same. She was tired of people seeing her as something gross and lewd when really she just helped women who needed her. Her name was one that was frequently mocked by young boys and often girls too who didn't understand how valuable she was to a woman. Not that she liked her job. She liked the feeling of helping people, but existing only to be filled with blood and pain and failed pregnancies? It was just painful. Mundane. Almost devastating. Her name was Tamara, and she was a tampon.
One day, a woman who often visited the bathroom (she must have lived in the house) reached into the cabinet and pulled Tamara out. She immediately panicked, desperately trying to get out of the woman's grasp and away. She didn't want to be used up and thrown out like every other tampon! She had a life to live! But then, by some great miracle of the Glorious Light, she was thrust aside upon the top of the sink. And there, in a glass container next to the cold tap, lay a toothbrush.
Jessica was shocked. She had never really seen a tampon up close before, and was amazed at her intricacies. The tampon glared at her, seemingly embarrassed from panicking over being grabbed by that nasty human who held them captive in that awful room. Honestly, though? Had Jessica not been so used to being used by humans, she would have reacted in exactly the same way. Hell, that's exactly what she did when she first emerged from the comforting safety of the package and found out just how cruel life could be.
"Hey." Tamara grimaced. So first this random non disposable toothbrush bitch sits up there on her high horse staring down at her mockingly and then she speaks to her? She looked down, refusing to reply. No toothbrush deserved to hear what she had to say.
"Disposable, huh? Y'know, so am I. Us toothbrushes get thrown away too, soon as the humans are done with us. This life sucks." Jessica decided that she might as well speak her mind for once. It wasn't as if she was ever going to see this random tampon again after all. She'd be dead within the next couple of minutes. Still, her words seemed to have finally gotten through to the fabric.
"At least you get to live for longer than a few days. You're lucky." Tamara finally let herself speak, hating herself for it but knowing that she might as well not spend her last moments sulking over a toothbrush.
"I'm not really. Neither are you. It isn't fair." Jessica was quiet when she spoke. She suddenly felt the hopelessness of hundreds of other toothbrushes who had occupied the cup before her. Was this really it? The tampon looked up at her, and their gazes met. 
"Wanna get out of here?" Those single words, a suggestion never spoken by the hopeless, death awaiting group of bathroom products, sent a shiver down Tamara's string even as she spoke them, and she saw the shiver pass through the toothbrush's bristles as well. Their gazes locked, green into purple; a connection tied them together so they could never be unbound. And then the toothbrush said the impossible.
"Yeah. I do." Jessica smiled, deciding that she didn't want to die and clearly neither did the tampon. And with that, she pushed with all her weight against the cup, knocking it over. As it shattered, she leapt up and started running, the tampon following behind. They raced to the window as their human screamed, the noise deafening. Probably trying to signal the others to capture them. Jessica's bristles burned, but she tried to ignore it, instead hitting the window sill and standing at the edge, tampon at her side. 
"You ready for this?" Tamara felt the adrenaline racing through her absorbent fabric as they raced to the window sill, and it was still there now as she faced the outside. A cool breeze fell onto her tip, and she knew that she had to get out. To be free. She shot a quick smile at the toothbrush, realising that she never got her name.
"Yeah. I'm ready." Jessica replied, returning the smile that the tampon gave her as she realised that was the first time anyone had smiled at her like that. She loved it. And with that, they jumped, the tampon leaping onto Jessica's handle and expanding to form a glider so they could make their escape. She screamed in delight, trying to do a loop before realising that would drop and kill them both. Instead, she soared upwards, over the house and away on the fresh morning breeze. "Hey!" She called to the tampon above her, "I never got your name!" 
"It's Tamara!" Tamara answered, glad that they got the introductions out of the way despite it being a little late. She struggled to keep the toothbrush in the air, but managed just enough. "What about you?" She managed to say to the toothbrush once the breeze strengthened enough to give her enough energy to fly and talk at once.
"Jessica!" Tamara really was a nice name. Not what she'd been expecting.
Jessica was such a pretty name. Tamara hasn't expected a toothbrush to be called such a thing.
 Jessica grinned, glad that they'd really escaped and gotten a chance for a new life. It was everything she'd wanted it to be and more. And she was so happy that Tamara was with her. This was going to be the greatest adventure of their lives, and they'd be together every step of the way, free from humanity's evil clutches to ride the winds into the sunset.
And Tamara felt exactly the same way.
THE END (or is it???)



    Chapter Text
  There were many ways that Craig Tucker's day could have started. The one he hadn't expected was his boyfriend of two years knocking on his door and asking (screaming would be a better word to describe it) if he wanted to go on a date. He had only been surprised for a moment since Tweek wasn't usually one to organise things, but in a way it seemed just like something he'd do. He'd been staring up at him in terror as he waited for a response, probably wondering if Craig would break up with him for suggesting such a thing. That seemed to be his go-to paranoid thought lately.
Craig had offered him a rare smile, small and barely distinguishable, before replying in a non committal sounding "Sure." which Tweek understood as a whole hearted "Yes.". And with that, they left. Craig's parents were used to the two going somewhere during the days they had off school, so they didn't really question it despite it being strange that Tweek had turned up at the door instead of Craig leaving to get him. 
Now that the exposition was over, Tweek was leading Craig down the street by the hand, an oversized thermos filled with his parents' coffee in the other. He turned back often as if to ensure that Craig was still there. The ravenette made sure to squeeze his hand whenever he did this, watching as his face visibly relaxed and his twitching slowed for a moment. When he looked away, the twitching returned, but it was somewhat satisfying to know that he could slow it for a while. 
On the way, the blond chattered excitedly about the latest episode of Red Racer (Craig had gotten him hooked a few months ago when they spent the whole day watching a marathon), swinging their joined arms every so often without seeming to notice. Craig paid close attention, drinking in his words. It wasn't often that Tweek was so excited about something, and he was glad that the source of his excitement was something they could enjoy together. 
It took several minutes for them to get to their destination. "We're taking a bus?" Craig asked in his typical monotone. Tweek turned to face him, faint panic flashing through his eyes. He blinked in a strange way- closing first one eye, then the other- as a spasm wracked his body.
"Y-yeah. That's -ngh- okay, right?" He'd started fidgeting again. If Craig didn't do something, his nervousness might erupt into panic and that wouldn't be good for anyone. He took Tweek's hand again and squeezed it just for a moment before releasing it and nodding. 
"Where are we going?" Once again Tweek visibly calmed, but it was short lived as he suddenly reached into the pocket of the forest green coat he was wearing over his typical olive green shirt (he'd done a little better than usual with the buttons, but three of them were still in the wrong place). Craig watched as he made a small sound of distress in the back of his throat before drawing out two small yellow tickets with shaking hands as well as a few notes. 
"We're going to D-Denver. I didn't know if -gah- if you'd like it, but um, I g-got these." The blond held the tickets out slowly, shaking hard. Craig reached out to take them, their fingers brushing against each other for a moment. Somehow he felt a little warmer all of a sudden. He took the tickets and read the tiny print on them, curious as to what sort of thing Tweek would take him to Denver to see.
His eyes widened very slightly, imperceptible to anyone who didn't know him well enough to read him. The tickets were for a planetarium, a big one in the city. Apparently it was a part of a space museum who ran shows there. Craig had heard of the place for, and had wanted to go for some time. He looked back up at Tweek, meeting his eyes. Then he smiled again. "It's perfect." He whispered, leaning closer so Tweek could hear. Usually he wouldn't be so open in his excitement, but this was space and this was Tweek. Those things were different, and together even more so.
The bus ride was long and a little uncomfortable. Tweek sat by the window staring outside, jumping every time the bus hit a bump in the road. Craig spent most of the journey shamelessly watching him, taking in the way he remained lost in his own thoughts, the way the light caught in his hair making it seem almost golden. The rest of the journey he spent thinking about the space museum and the show they were going to see at the planetarium. Tweek hadn't told him exactly what it was going to be about, saying that it was a surprise, so he instead tried to picture what it would be. 
The closest thing to a planetarium they had in South Park was Dr. Mephesto's laboratory, which was hardly a place for a date, so Craig was quite impressed that Tweek had gone to such lengths to find somewhere he would like. Really he would have been fine with anywhere as long as it was with him, but the extra thought put into it warmed his heart. Tweek could be so adorable when he wanted to.
Once they left the bus, they wandered around for a while before finally reaching what appeared to be an old air base. A large dome shaped building lay off to the side. The planetarium. It was larger than Craig had expected, meaning that the constellations on the dark ceiling would be more likely to be accurate. A rush of excitement hit him.
"The show's at two -ngh- two thirty, so we still have s-some time to look around or eat." The statement sounded more like a question as Tweek looked up at the ravenette anxiously. Naturally he wanted Craig to decide- he'd worry about making the wrong choice. 
"We can do both. Space first, then food." He replied flatly, prioritising the museum since it wasn't lunch time and because he didn't think he could wait another hour to see it.
The museum was much more than Craig had ever thought it would be. The exhibits were brightly coloured and filled with panels of information (Tweek waited as patiently as he could while he read every single one), and they got to touch rocks and other objects that had once orbited Earth. The staff were well informed too, and Craig peppered them with questions all the way around the museum. Tweek had had fun too even though he didn't understand everything that was said. When Craig has tried to explain it, he'd ended up making it more confusing so eventually they just went back to perusing the exhibits. When they reached the gift shop, Tweek bought him a tiny piece of rock that had once been part of an asteroid, and he couldn't be happier.
Lunch was good too since the restaurants and cafes in Denver were far superior to the ones in South Park, but they almost got kicked out of the place they chose to eat in due to Tweek drinking out of the thermos instead of ordering coffee from the menu. Craig had known him long enough to know that he didn't drink rival coffee unless he absolutely had to- he preferred Tweek Bros. home brew over anything else.
After eating, they returned to the planetarium for the show. "How long is it?" Craig asked before they handed in their tickets. Although Tweek's parents wouldn't  notice and Craig doubted that his would care, he wanted to be home before it got dark.
"O-only an hour." Tweek took his ticket from Craig and led him to the ticket holder. They handed in the tickets and entered the building. To Craig's surprise, instead of seats the planetarium was filled with blankets, each with a small number next to it. He walked with Tweek to their blankets and sat down. Looking around, he realised that everyone else was lying on the ground looking up at the ceiling. It was a clever design choice; not one he'd seen anywhere else. As the lights dimmed, they lay down to watch the show.
Instead of a person with microphone standing in the front of the planetarium, the narration was pre recorded with background music. The whole ceiling lit up with images of stars and galaxies forming; of supernovas and black holes. Craig was transfixed, enraptured in the voice which led them through the infinite cosmos. When the typical constellations filled out onto the ceiling, he whispered their names to Tweek just before the narrator said them, their hands subconsciously intertwining.
By the end of the show, both were lying still and staring up at the ceiling, too overwhelmed to move. Craig still couldn't believe that the day had happened at all. He'd thought that he'd just spend the day in town with Token and Clyde; instead he'd spent it travelling across the universe with the person he cared for most. He wouldn't change it for the world.
Both boys were quiet on the way home. After a few minutes, Tweek fell asleep against Craig's shoulder. It was only then that he went still and didn't twitch. Seeing the blond look so peaceful and carefree for once was a very rare sight, and Craig wondered when he'd see it next. He leant towards Tweek and kissed the top of his head lightly, not caring if anyone saw. No one mentioned it if they did.
The bus moved onwards towards South Park, the memories of the day setting in.



    Chapter Text
  The sun beat down on the island, shrouding the platform in pale green beams of light as it scorched the backs of the boys who inhabited it. They had been on the island for several weeks at least, and by now were quite used to the heat and the thorns and the insects. 
At the beginning, everything had seemed so easy. 
Henry, a brunette boy with a natural passion for adventure, had found a conch shell buried amongst the seaweed at the edge of the lagoon and had blown it to see if it made a sound. Within moments, a crowd of boys had gathered around him, mistaking his play for a summoning call. 
Some boys were older like him; between the ages of nine and twelve he thought, and the rest were younger. The youngest boy on the island was only six. He was a sweet little thing, shy and unassuming, wise beyond his years. None of the other younger boys ever went near him, so he usually kept to himself or hung around the older boys. Today was no exception.
Simon sat beside Henry, saying nothing. Henry had always had a soft spot for the boy; he liked the younger children since they reminded him of his little brother, and he felt a little sympathy for the one who was always left behind. His cousin, Thomas, had also crash landed on the island with them, but he was away in the forest fruit picking. They had a few fruit pickers who worked every day in shifts to get food for the others, and they'd also assigned fishermen and hunters. Everyone's roles switched daily so no one got stuck doing the same thing, and anyone who wasn't working for the day was allowed to go off and play. This had been unpopular at first, but eventually people just got used to it.
Henry was still uneasy about leading all of these people, but he felt that he was doing well. Some people were unhappy with the way things were being run, however. Johnny, always the narcissist, believed that he worked harder than the others and therefore deserved more food. Henry had told him that this was unfair, but he refused to listen to reason. It was quite a dilemma, especially as tensions between them rippled across the island and started to affect everyone.
The signal fire was another issue. At first it had been a part of the work schedule to keep the fire going, but now less people wanted to stay on the mountain all day and he couldn't think of a way to persuade them. There weren't any benefits other than going home, and they'd spent so long on the island that home was a distant fantasy to most boys. 
The littluns were a lost cause on work- Henry had tried to make the older ones do something, but the blond and the ginger ones kept getting into fights and disrupting other boys, the curly haired brunette kept getting bored and leaving early and the dark haired one bullied Percival to tears. 
There seemed to be only two relatively sensible littluns on the island- one was asthmatic, overweight and had a variety of other strange health conditions that no one had heard of and couldn't do any work as a result, and the other was Simon- frail and prone to fainting. He tried to copy the biguns as they worked, but he was too short to reach the fruit on the trees, too weak to drag a fish out of the sea on spear and he fainted the first time he tried to hunt. Still, Henry sometimes wished he were older and everyone else was more like him. That would make things easier.
As for the biguns, most were sort of the same. Lazy, incompetent and obsessed with play, they would slack off more frequently every day. Rupert and Thomas were probably the best of the biguns- whilst Rupert was prone to day dreams and fantasies, he was surprisingly strong and dedicated to his work, and also one of the few biguns comfortable enough in his own company to run the signal fire, although he preferred to do so alone. Thomas, despite being weak and paranoid as a young child, had become much stronger as he grew and was skilled in all forms of gathering food. The only trouble was that he had nightmares as much as the littluns and was frequently haunted by monsters in the jungle that no one else could see.
And the worst part was that people were starting to believe him.
Henry sighed for what felt like the fiftieth time since they had landed on the island, causing Simon to glance up at him through the shock of black hair almost covering his eyes. "At least you're alright." He said softly, barely registering the words. The smaller boy didn't reply. He rarely spoke, probably due to his shyness, which was also most likely the reason for the others not wanting to play with him. It was a shame that this boy was the best on the island. Henry wished that the glamour he'd experienced when he'd first climbed the mountain still remained. Maybe things would have turned out better that way.
Maybe he wished that none of this had happened at all.
He wanted to go home, more than anything, and he knew that the others did too even though they didn't always show it. Despite that, it was sometimes so tempting just to forget about all of his troubles and join the others in their shameless revelry. But he knew that it had to stop. They had to keep working to survive, and he needed to make them know that. He just didn't know how.
The brunette grimaced, lost in thought. Then a spark of inspiration hit him, and he knew what he had to do. He lifted the pearly white conch from the platform, rose to his feet and blew with all his might, releasing a low bellowing sound across the island. The sounds of several feet scampering towards him were soon heard, and eventually he had the whole meeting assembled. It was time to take action. If he didn't, then they died.
He knew how to fix everyone's problems. And he was going to do it.



    Chapter Text
  The dim, flickering lightbulb hung over the room, swinging slightly to an invisible tune. Dust had once ruled this kingdom before it had been taken over by a group of nekos who needed a place to stay. The building was large but inconspicuous- it had been abandoned for many decades and no one went near it due to rumours of it being haunted. The perfect place for the rebel catgirls to start their rebellion. 
Martine batted at her eyepatch uncomfortably, wishing that she still had a tail to tug at. She had lived a rough life and suffered abuse from countless humans before she decided that it wasn't worth it and left humanity to start her own colony of catgirls. Half-human half-cat genetic hybrids, the catgirls were engineered to be subservient to humans. As a result, they were often treated as if they were dirt and abused because there weren't any proper abuse laws regarding them. They were humanity's creation, and the wicked creatures never failed to remind them of such.
The rebellion had started when Martine and several other catgirls had escaped from a compound imprisoning and torturing young catgirls for several reasons. From experimentation to prostitution, the nekos held in the nightmarish place were used like dolls, mere playthings in humanity's vile game. Martine had had enough. The escape was bloody and brutal and not without consequence; they lost many catgirls that night.
Now, having worked her way up to leading over a thousand nekos in their fight for freedom, Martine was left horrifically disfigured, but alive. In order to avoid suspicion, she had gone to a neko who had trained to be a highly skilled surgeon (catgirls often did jobs that humans used to do, although the money made went to their owner instead of them), convinced her to join the rebellion, and then persuaded her to remove her cat ears and reroute her ear canals so she had fully working human ears. The process was painful, traumatic and highly risky, but she had survived. Some parts of her ears were robotic and they malfunctioned at times, but she simply claimed to humans that she had been born with poor hearing.
The surgeon catgirl had also removed her tail, leaving a slightly jagged scar in the rough shape of a circle on her lower back which she made sure to hide well by never wearing revealing clothing. As for her eyes, it had helped her a lot that she was quite special and rare amongst catgirls: one of her eyes was a typical neko eye, and the other was human. This was due to an abnormality in her genetics which had left her with a few human parts (most internal) that catgirls didn't have, as well as several parts that catgirls had which she didn't. As she had always prided herself on her eyes, Martine had never gotten the cat eye removed and instead simply covered it when in public.
The reason for her human appearance was simply that she, legally speaking, was human. Martine had travelled in public in her disguise and started up a new identity. She made sure that people knew her eyepatch could not be removed under any circumstance with several (both catgirl and allied human) doctor's signatures supporting that, and so she was able to get her identification papers and travel around the world inspiring nekos to join her cause and fight for their rights without revealing her true species. It was hard, but she was willing to do it, and with the help of her team she could.
Today was the final day of preparation before they made their rebellion public. Martine sat at the head of the table in the abandoned house alongside her three most trusted catgirls and her one most trusted human. The newest recruit to join the higher ranks of her rebellion, Lucy, was debating with one of the more senior members, Azuki, about how they should present their cause.
"If we start acting aggressive, the humans will never support us nya~! We have to keep the public opinion of us as positive so we can inspire other catgirls to join!" Lucy mewled in between her sentences, a nervous habit she had picked up during her servitude to the humans. Looking cute had always helped her to stay out of trouble. That was her mantra until Martine found her and she realised just how wrong her master's treatment of her was.
"Of course we need the humans to support us, but we have t'be more forceful! They'll never take us seriously if we're all roses and pretty bows. That's what we were when we served them!" Azuki had been quite an interesting case. She had been deeply infatuated with her master; a projection of his sister's forbidden feelings towards him. Her own sisters had been much the same. 
When one of Martine's senior nekos had tried to recruit them at their catgirl caf in Japan, they had all immediately refused and threatened to call the authorities. The situation had gotten more and more tense until eventually it resulted in a fierce fight. Many catgirls were killed that day, including three of Azuki's sisters. Of the two that remained, one stayed fiercely loyal to her master, wielding a loaded shotgun and threatening to kill them all, whilst the other finally doubted her affections for the human and fled in disgust and shame, never to be seen again.
Azuki had lost five sisters that day. When she left her youngest remaining sister to join Martine's rebellion, she had watched the catgirl's heart shatter in front of her. Then Chocola had fired a bullet at Azuki's heart, and she knew she was gone forever. 
But the bullet had missed, and Azuki was there, fighting in the rebellion for the end of humanity's tyranny. And Martine couldn't be prouder of her.
"I think both of you are right, actually," Martine interjected to stop the two from tearing each other apart. Her voice was a flat monotone; she no longer spoke with true emotion unless she was acting for the humans. They had drained her feelings out of her a long time ago, "We need to be compelling, but also memorable. I personally think that our appearance should matter in this case. Therefore, we will wear bells when we take the stage tomorrow like the catgirls in servitude. When I have finished my speech, I want all of you to remove them and throw them into the audience. That way, they will know that those bells mean nothing to us." 
"B-but Ma'am! What if we come across as too imposing?" Lucy's ears twitched as she shifted anxiously. Rather than dressing in causal, slightly masculine looking clothing as most catgirls in the rebellion did to try to differentiate themselves from their enslaved sisters, she wore a floaty pale blue sundress which seemed almost ethereal in the dark, murky surroundings. Martine blinked to stop herself from becoming transfixed.
"Of course, we shall have to be friendly as well. I think that a passive approach is the right way to go about this. Becoming violent will only lead to our campaign being stopped swiftly and mercilessly. We already have many allies amongst the humans. Violence will cause us to lose them. Still, we must be firm, so they have no choice but to listen to us." Ever impassive, Martine didn't hesitate for a moment in her answer. She had everything planned out; knew exactly what they had to do to make this work.
"I think that people will respond really well to this. Everyone loves bells- throwing them away like that will definitely leave a big impression on your audience." Justin, the one human there, stated cheerfully. He was a big fan of campaigning for various groups and had served as a campaign manager successfully during several elections for various causes. As an avid fan of catgirls, he quickly joined their team upon accidentally discovering its existence.
"I guess it might work... But we have t'be more forceful if they don't listen, 'kay?" Azuki's tiny pigtails bobbed as she moved in her seat. She had a lot of energy and seldom sat still. It was quite a rarity to see her not eating anything during the meeting.
"It depends on how this press conference goes, but I hope that we can hold off any violence until absolutely necessary. There has already been far too much bloodshed and far too many lives lost in this fight. I do not want to lose any more." Azuki fell silent, her gaze drifting downwards. It seemed that she had finally recalled her sisters and the looks on their faces as they fell. Martine didn't know much about them other than their names and fame in Japan, but she understood that Azuki had cared for them deeply.
"We should inform the others of our plan so they know what's going on. Otherwise, this is gonna fail." Mimi, the other catgirl in the room, finally spoke up. She was a feisty American shorthair neko who usually had a lot to say at meetings, but today she had been quiet and more subdued, lost in thought. Martine wondered if she was nervous about the presentation.
"Yes. Please inform them right away, all of you. I shall meet you downstairs in half an hour to go over the final parts of the conference and to prepare the others. Until then, you are dismissed." The catgirl nodded curtly, and the rest of her senior members filed out, Lucy closing the door behind them.
Once she was alone, Martine walked to the window and opened the moth-eaten blinds. She could just about make out her reflection in the murky glass, a shadow against the dirt. Tomorrow was going to be big. And she had to be ready for that. She removed her eyepatch and looked into her mirrored self's eyes, the only parts she could clearly see. Whilst her left eye was brown with a rounded pupil, her right was yellow with an oblong, slitted pupil. The heterochromia wasn't very noticeable since the colours were similar, but the change in pupils was. She was going to have to wear the eyepatch for the presentation as much as she wished to lead the catgirls as a catgirl. It was in times like this that she wished she hadn't undergone permanent surgery to become human. Still, she knew that nothing else would have worked. This was the only way to gain her species' freedom. And she needed to go through with it.
Martine turned on her heel and strode out of the room, shutting the door firmly behind her. She was ready.
*
It was finally time for the press conference. A pedestal stood upon a large outdoor stage where Martine would stand, her catgirls surrounding her. She wore a hooded dark brown cloak to hide her appearance- Mimi had told her that it was best to hide her identity so she could continue doing her work as a human without revealing herself as one of the catgirls, making her disguise pointless. Although she thought it would give out the wrong message to the crowd, she agreed.
The crowd spread out before them was made up mostly of the press. Lots of reporters and photographers had flocked to the scene to watch the nekos start their campaign. Martine just hoped that it would be a moment to remember.
As she walked out onto the stage and rose to the pedestal, her nerves left her behind and she was filled with a sense of certainty. This was going to work. She lifted the mic to her lips and begin to speak, all eyes and all lenses trained on her.
"Humanity. I am here today to inform you of something that I have noticed over my time living on this Earth. Something wrong. Something cruel. Something unfair," She paused, watching the crowd for people's reactions. There was a mixture of skepticism, disbelief and mere curiosity. She quickly stopped herself from scoffing. Those faces would change soon enough if all went as planned. She took a deep breath and continued,
"I see it everywhere I go. In our schools; where they teach catgirls to get their bells so they will become the ideal servants. On our streets; where they give guns to catgirls so we are too busy fighting each other to fight real injustice. In our factories, and shops, and hospitals, and everywhere else where catgirls work for only a fraction of their human co-workers' salaries if they even get paid at all even though they have identical jobs and no difference in skill." She could feel a change in the air as the catgirls in the area looked at their humans; began to realise that something was wrong. She took another breath,
"And it is not just catgirls at risk. Every day, humans begin to feel overshadowed, unwanted, unneeded. Some may think that the divide between us is growing day by day. But I do not see a divide between humans and cat girls. The divide I see is between those of us who like to see our species divided and the rest of us." A collective gasp seemed to rise around the stage. No one had expected her to sympathise with humanity, but she knew that it was the only way to get everyone on her side. Human support was just as important as catgirl support in this fight,
"Our problem is not enslaved catgirls or overshadowed humans. Our problem is the humans and cat girls feeding on the divide between us," She paused for dramatic effect, taking in once more the scene around her. She had one final thing to say, and she hoped it would work,
"But I have a message for them; from those of us keeping it together. A message from the humans and cat girls who believe that we can live together as equals... to the humans and cat girls who don't." One final breath. She could do this.
"You're outnumbered." As Martine put the mic down and stepped back, the sound of the pealing of bells behind her turned to screams as her rebellion ripped them from their necks and threw them into the crowd in a collective motion. Whilst they did so, she took her own bell from her neck, tearing it off so that she didn't have to remove her hood, and threw it into the ocean of cameras, eyes and opinions; a golden symbol of freedom amongst the oppression.
She was one step closer to winning. One step closer to her freedom.



    Chapter Text
  It was 5pm on a Saturday, and Jayne was sitting in her room feeling more excited than she ever had before in her life. She was going on her first ever date with the love of her life. She felt water rise to her cheeks as they went cold and she grinned in delight. Christopher was going to arrive any minute, and then they were off!
The doorbell rang and she raced downstairs. She had chosen to wear a miniskirt and low lying t-shirt which showed off just enough of the ice of her stomach to look tempting but not desperate. She was worried that she might look fat and unappealing or (even worse) like some kind of attention seeking tart, but she pushed her worries to the side and opened the door. Chris was there.
He looked incredible, just as she'd hoped. He was dressed quite casually in a simple hoodie with skinny jeans, but his chiselled jawline and gleaming icy stare sent her heart into rapid palpitations as her water ran cold. He shot her a devastating smile and she wondered if God had sent him down from the heavens to bless her.
"Hey Jayne. Ready to go watch some winter sports?" His voice was perfectly seductive and she wondered if she was going to swoon. She loved him so much she could die for him already and she wasn't even out of the door yet. 
"Sure, whatever." She replied, batting her eyelashes at him flirtatiously. He took her hand in his as she internally screamed at the soft, freezing sensation of his ice touching hers and led her into his car, and off they went.
When they arrived at the flesh hockey rink and had their tickets punched, Jayne couldn't contain her excitement any longer. She squeezed Chris' hand, grinning from ear to ear at his smile towards her. They took their seats and talked about everything from yesterday's blood storm to the scores on the last flesh hockey game they'd seen. 
Finally, the hockey players slid out onto the flesh, sending a stream of blood wherever they went. The puck slid easily over the blood slicked flesh, and very soon their home team won the match and both ice cubes cheered, hands intertwined as their cheer became a roar amongst the crowd. 
As they left the stadium, Jayne felt that the night couldn't get any better. "I wish that I could go out on the flesh one day and listen to the crowd scream my name." She sighed blissfully. Chris moved in front of her, catching her cool gaze in his.
"Maybe you could." He whispered cryptically before grabbing her hand and dragging her off before she could protest.
When Chris stopped her, Jayne looked up to see that they had arrived at the local flesh rink. Her eyes widened to saucers and her mouth hung wide open. "A-are we going flesh skating right now? Seriously?" Her voice began to fall apart near the end.
"Yup. And then afterwards we can eat some flesh cream together..." he said flirtatiously. She squealed in delight and raced inside to get ready.
The rink was busy since it was Saturday and no one was in school. Icicles flew by on steel blades, coating the flesh in a beautiful shade of gleaming crimson. Jayne rushed to the flesh, Chris joining her soon afterwards, and they skated along. She wobbled at first, not quite sure what she was doing, but in two seconds she was a professional flesh skater and master of the art.
With the crowd cheering her name, she held Chris up in a lift and sent him flying around the rink before finally setting him down, blood coating his body as they grinned at each other.
They ate delicious flesh cream at a fleshery in town to finish off the date. Jayne was glad that it had gone so well- it really had been perfect. As Chris walked her home, she sighed and wished that it could have lasted longer. They reached her driveway, and he leaned down towards her. 
"Thank you Jayne." He whispered, lips nearing hers. A faint twinge of panic rose in her chest, but it was soothed by Chris' presence. This happened to all ice cubes. She couldn't prevent it and it would be foolish to try.
"Wouldn't have wanted it any other way." She smiled sadly as she took his lips in hers.
Heat shot through her body, burning and sudden. The fire of true love burned her from the inside out. This was no cold flush. Love soared through her like acid, tearing her apart. The pain was unbearable and she was crying, crying so hard because she didn't want to die, Oh God she couldn't die!
And then it was over. A cool, exhausted sense of calm washed over her, and she knew that her time had come. Soon enough, a brand new Jayne would appear to replace her, and life would move on.
She hadn't meant to take her crush this far. She wasn't supposed to find true love like that. And now she had killed them both.
The lovers melted softly, water mixing together as they hit the concrete of the road and were gone.



    Chapter Text
  Mist had always appreciated the early morning hours. It was so peaceful to wander the streets of the suburbs, spreading billowing clouds of partially condensed water across the sky. She loved watching each tiny droplet move against the next and catch in the light. It was the perfect setting for a fairytale, or a fantasy novel. Reading was her second favourite thing to do. The first was her work.
Cloud, however, was much less peaceful. He hated his work and how busy it was. Conjuring up water in one place, then calling Rain in the next. At least he got to block out Sun while he worked. He hated her with a passion, and stopping her from doing her job was one of the things which pleased him the most. 
Rain was often overworked too. She didn't really mind it though. She was cyclical, constantly moving from one place to the next, shifting in shape and form. Her favourite place to be was the rainforests, beautiful, dark, enchanting places filled with wonder and mystery. When she pulled her sisters and brothers from the sky and sent them charging down to the surface, she felt them pulsing with excitement to reach their new home, and she felt that excitement too.
Hurricane was a little less happy with her job. Depending on where she worked, she went under many different names and personas. It was fun to travel across the water at least, building up pressure and energy. She loved the thrill that came with it. But then she hit land. Suddenly people were screaming, large objects got tangled in her winds and she found that there was no way to get back to the ocean. Her energy depleted as she begged her winds to stop, until eventually they did, and she free to roam the oceans once more.
Tornado was a younger cousin of hurricane, but he hated being defined by that. He swept across the land, enjoying the feeling of wind in his hair and Cloud's soft embrace as he wandered the swathes of land around him. Hitting people and buildings was quite annoying for him, since it both destroyed his momentum and resulted in many casualties. He disliked watching people in pain, but it was a part of his job and he couldn't stop himself.
Snow preferred the Poles over anywhere else. They were quiet, calm places of endless solidarity in which she could rest, surrounded by the bleak landscapes and infinite stretch of white. But then the humans came and destroyed it all. In her hatred, she tried her hardest to destroy them, hitting harder with bomb cyclones and blizzards. But they kept on coming, and eventually she realised that she couldn't stop them. Her kingdom belonged to the people now, and she had been overthrown.
Hail, Snow's little sister, was much less kind. Instead of using the amount of water present to scare the humans, she hurled balls of ice at them. She had also quite enjoyed the company of penguins and polar bears in her home, but the mountainous landscapes of the world pleased her as well. She remembered throwing ice at a few humans trying to walk over some random hills once out of boredom. It had been fun, and she liked the feeling of avenging her sister. Maybe one day the Earth would be theirs once more.
Thunder and Lightning stayed out of the conflict against humans generally. They loved higher places, Lightning trying to aim for the highest point in the area as best as he could and Thunder cheering when he hit it. Sometimes they damaged things, or harmed people and animals, but it was all apart of the job. Weirdly enough, the storms they took part in alongside Rain and Wind were actually what ended up bringing humans together. They weren't trying to hurt anyone, so it wasn't their problem, right?
Wind was a little bit strange. Other weather held his power, and he frequently was made redundant in one place and brought back in another. He was used to serving others, both weather, human and animal. He didn't really mind it though. Living alongside everyone else was just his way of life. He hurt, he healed, he helped and he hindered. The motions calmed him and kept him from wondering if that was all his life would ever be.
Sun also held a strange air of mystery about her. Unlike the other weather, she lived off-planet and worked from home, projecting her powers across the surface of the Earth. She also leant out her power to her sister, Moon, to guide her as she raised and lowered the tides in the darkness between the Earth and herself. She knew that other weather resented her a little for her easy job, but keeping the entire Solar System in orbit was exhausting, and her power stretched out to everything else in her orbit as well, whilst those weathers only had to work on their home planet. Of course, the other moons on other planets were related to Sun as well, but with Moon of Earth being quite close to her and the weather over there being so promiscuous, she had noticed her fairly easily and grown close to her in only a few millennia.
So there it is. A snapshot of how the weather sees the world, and how the world sees the weather. Next time something weathery happens, I hope you take a moment to consider how it feels when you hate it for occurring when it was here first.



    Chapter Text
  Zena had never quite understood why humans loved these things so much. Large, clunky bits of metal filled with useless objects thrown into their own planet's orbit. And to do what? Observe? It didn't seem very interesting, particularly when they could have spent all of that observation time harvesting the solar energy from the rock crystals on their satellite's crater-filled surface to create a super-generated spacecraft that could travel to the next galaxy in under three human hours. And that was a slow spacecraft!
She was so glad that her planet wasn't full of primitive life forms such as those.
Beside her, Myzana tapped on the cool glass of the 'space station'- such an imaginative name- observation glass, her translucent fingers leaving tiny trails of pale green dust wherever she touched. She seemed more enthralled at the sight before her than Zena, but then again, she had never been off-planet before a few months ago, and this was her first time seeing anything like Earth. 
Zena found herself drawn to the curious look in the princess' eyes as she gazed upon the blue and green planet just outside of the station. They were so bright and vivid, nothing like the dull, lifeless states of their species' lower ranks.
Nothing like her own.
As a Rank 16 from birth, Zena was the lowest of the low. She had only managed to work up way up to Rank 14 through endless gruelling hours of intergalactic travel and complex technical work, and even then all of the born 14s hated her for being lower than them. She found herself glaring at Myzana, a pang of jealousy stirring in her gut. She didn't know how lucky she was, to be born as a Rank 0. Immediately indoctrinated into the royal family; famous across the entire species as an idol and a champion; and the future ruler of their star system.
How humans managed to survive believing that they were the only species in their entire solar system and forming many tiny kingdoms who constantly tore each other apart was a complete mystery to Zena.
"Do you... think that they like seeing this? Being far enough away from their planet to see it almost in its entirety,  but close enough to see the artificial lights of its larger settlements when it lies in the shadow of their star?" Myzana whispered, her voice much more quiet and subdued than usual. Awestruck.
Zena nodded her head slightly in response when she caught those incredible eyes turning to face her. As a born Rank 16, she had no vocal chords. Simple body language and the use of written form if they were lucky enough to be able to learn it were their only forms of communication. She believed that the humans on this planet were stupid enough to be left just as awestruck by their own planet as Myzana was by this one. However, she knew that her response would probably be interpreted differently by the princess, always too naive to understand such things. 
"I wish that we hadn't been stranded when we found this place. I would have asked father to remove the pests and claim it for us. It would have made such a nice holiday home... My Zarnethians would have loved it." She spoke in a wistful tone, twirling a few strands of hair between her fingers with expert dexterity, blending pink and black together until they were an indistinguishable blur. Her antennae twitched with a faint sadness. 
As Zena watched her, she realised that Myzana wasn't quite so naive. Maybe she hadn't been fascinated by the humans, but by the planet's potential to be a harvesting point for rare minerals such as copper and iron. Her Zarnethians would have enjoyed the oceans too, and the extraordinary amount of carbon in the atmosphere made it the perfect place to get some fresh air.
She brushed the part of her bangs that always got into her eyes away and reached towards the glass, finding that she could see the Earth through her hand. As a Rank 16, she was almost completely transparent from below her neck, a strange sight for those who weren't used to seeing it, meaning that she constantly wore a full body silver-grey jumpsuit to stop people from knocking into her by mistake. It didn't help at all that one of her arms had been blown off in their initial landing on some outlying planet of the Andromeda galaxy. Sometimes Myzana would forget that the arm was gone, just believing it to be invisible in the light. 
All Zena hoped was that they would find something to make a communication device out of, no matter how primitive the human technology was. All they needed was some of those rock crystals from the Earth's satellite (was it called Moon perhaps? Maybe Pigeon?) as well as a touch of radium and several pieces of obsidian, and they could make one. Or maybe they could do it from iron instead- it was a good enough material. 
Looking at Myzana, who was now looking back with a haughty sort of vigour in her eyes, Zena knew that it was time to get started. They had no more time left for observing. That was the humans' mistake. It was time for action.



    Chapter Text
  They were the perfect couple. Constantly smiling and walking around hand in hand, displaying enough PDA to look cute but not enough to be disgusting, and they never seemed to have had an argument. Naturally, having such an argument would result in their extraction, but not a single person could read any sort of negative feelings towards the other on their faces. Those who weren't so lucky either cursed their names (silently, of course) or cheered them on.
But Jack and Ralph had a secret. One which, if exposed, would kill them both.
It started on a Friday night, the day they met. Ralph had been walking alone on the streets, the darkness making him uneasy despite knowing that nothing could happen to him. He made sure to stay as composed as possible, so there would be no reason for his extraction. Recently, the authorities had been quite strict on their extractions, and the amount of people suddenly disappearing from existence increased by the day. 
A hurtling force shot towards him and knocked him off balance. Just as he was about to hit the floor, a wrist caught his own and pulled him up with force he'd never experienced before. Standing in front of him was the source of that energy. With hair like fire and eyes of steel, the boy stared at him with a firm, impassive gaze. He seemed short of breath, probably because he would have been killed if he hadn't caught Ralph in time. 
From that first meeting of the eyes, Ralph experienced an emotion he never had before, not properly. Anger. And it seemed that the redhead had felt it too. 
After feeling that strange connection, they had gotten closer by realising that they had nothing in common and their views were complete opposites. They slipped arguments into normal conversations, every brief touch of the hand was a punch, and their glares were disguised as long, thoughtful gazes. Then they entered the Ring.
It was musty inside, with damp touching the walls. At first, however, it was just an ordinary apartment. But then you entered the closet, and were lowered through the tiny elevator shaft hidden behind the racks of clothes into the main Ring. Once you neared the bottom, the sounds of screams, the clangs of metal and a cacophony of angered voices would reach your ears very quickly. 
Jack had already known about the Ring. The two actually attended the same university, and had both gotten know the proprietor of the place- Ralph as a friend, and Jack as a customer. Known only as Piggy in some sort of mocking jab, the glasses wearing boy had learnt how to hack the life ending implants and switch them off. He could only do it in short bursts, but that was enough to get the fights going.
Some people entered the Ring and never came back out. Others only stopped for short periods of time. Fights ranged from intellectual debates to petty slap fights, with the occasional rare fight to the death between true enemies. It was the one place in the world where rage was alive and kicking. And it kicked hard.
This time was no different to all of the others. They walked into the apartment, all smiles and rose petals, then started kissing lightly as they headed to the closet. Ralph had always hated this part; the rancid exchange of hot air between him and the person he hated the most. As they entered the closet, Ralph usually letting out a small, flirtatious giggle to keep the Watchers fooled, the tension increased. 
The elevator ride was filled with heated glares and silent wars. Then, with a small click, the doors slid open and they were in.
"Welcome to the Ring, gentlemen." Piggy stated flatly as he ushered them inside. As regulars and two of his best customers, he would always wait at the elevator doors to greet them inside, even though there was no need for it. Simon, the sweet, innocent, clearly underage dark haired boy who had been dragged into the Ring through an unfortunate mistake, pressed a small machine to each boy's neck in turn. The jab of the machine made Ralph wince; a drop of blood rolled down his pale, unmarked flesh. When Simon withdrew, they were in.
"Did you have to get so close that time? You smell disgusting." Ralph said immediately. It was hardly a lie: Jack almost constantly smelled of booze. The stuff was actually illegal, but the law didn't matter in the Ring. Sometimes Ralph wondered if he slept there. The blond always left the place alone. Jack scoffed,
"You're one to talk. You virtually hung off of me the whole time! The Watchers know we're together; you don't have to be so public about it." The way he said together was filled with malice, his cool blue gaze tainted with fire. It was captivating.
"Well maybe you should be less clingy. They'll start to get suspicious eventually." Ralph would usually have ignored the rage piling up in his gut, but this was the Ring. He didn't have to hide anything down in the murky depths of the Ring.
"Like hell they will. And even if they do, one of us will be long gone by then," Ralph shuddered unconsciously, remembering the deal they had made upon arriving in the Ring for the first time, "Someday, we'll have our own fight in the Cage. A fight to end all fights. A war. And whoever dies is the winner. They get their freedom." All he knew was that he wanted to be the victor of the fight. But that particular battle had never yet occurred, "Unless you've forgotten about the deal we made." Jack's expression was excessively smug. Ralph wanted to punch him.
So he did.
Jack was sent sprawling, blood spurting from his nose where he had been hit. The skin was red, and Ralph wondered if it would darken into a bruise. Probably. The redhead rose, staggering a little, and hit back with just as much force. Fortunately for the blond, Ralph was able to dodge in time and escape the hit. 
"Bloody idiot..." he muttered darkly, wiping the blood from his pale face before it reached his jaw. Ralph couldn't help but stare at the red mark staining his face. If that had happened above the surface, they would have both died instantly, their pins ripped from their chests like they were nothing. In the Ring, that stain of red was a symbol of freedom.
They fought for the entire night. Mostly verbally, since they couldn't garner too many injuries without the Watchers catching on, but they did manage to have a few more physical fights before the night ended. The beeping of Ralph's alarm (Piggy had given it to him as a gift one birthday- it was only until much later that he found out that it was specially modified so that the Watchers couldn't track it, just in case he ever went to the Ring) startled him into reality. He blinked blearily, wondering if the night was really over. For some reason, he didn't want to leave Jack, even though the redhead's side was the last place he wanted to be. 
Fatigue soon overtook the blond, and he turned from his opponent to Simon, the person that Piggy had placed in the apartment above the Ring to ease suspicions, and the person who would walk him to the door. "Let's get going. I have an early lecture tomorrow and I don't want to miss it because some twat kept me up all night." His voice felt disembodied, and for a moment he felt that he hadn't said anything at all. Simon nodded and wrapped a small hand around his wrist, beginning to lead him to the elevator.
"Until tomorrow, Merridew." The words were simple courtesy- they weren't supposed to mean anything to him. But as he turned and left the other behind, Ralph realised that he really would die if he didn't get to go the Ring with Jack tomorrow; to have those blazing, out of control battles which left his head pounding and his heart racing out of pure exhilaration. 
"I'll be waiting." Jack's words held so much more than that, and they both knew it. Every night, they came to the Ring to die. And every night, neither did. That customary farewell was their promise to each other to have their war. But it never happened.
Maybe they just didn't want to die. But Ralph knew that that wasn't true, and if Jack hadn't wanted to die then he wouldn't have made the deal. He wasn't that sort of person. So maybe the real reason was something else. Something that he didn't want to think about; that he couldn't think about.
But somehow he knew that that reason was the truth.



    Chapter Text
  The ticking of the clock was the first thing Tweek noticed upon entering the small diner. It was obnoxiously loud, stifling against the thick air of the diner. He hated small towns like this, with nowhere to go and nothing to do. All the life seemed to have been sucked out of them, leaving the people behind as empty, vacant shells. Just like his parents.
He grimaced at the though of them, twitching as he fumbled with the A5 paper which appeared to be a menu. It wasn't even laminated. He wasn't the sort to judge the class of such places, but even he had to admit that it was a little tacky. 
He still couldn't believe that he had actually done it. Gotten up, left his home and hitchhiked across the country to this tiny town in the middle of nowhere. It wasn't where he wanted to be, and he planned to leave the following morning as soon as he had gotten some fuel and supplies, but for now, it would do.
Still, he wished that he could have found somewhere nicer to stop for a rest.
*
Craig hated his job. It wasn't just the stuffy atmosphere and the suspicious looking bikers that annoyed him about the place. It was the entire ambience. The whole town looked like it was inhabited by the dead, and the diner was no different. Even his boss wandered around aimlessly, only coming to life to yell at Craig for doing something wrong.
He tried not to care about things, but the whole situation felt forced and wrong to him. Originally his plan had been to leave South Park behind forever and go to college, but the living fees had been too expensive and he'd been forced to drop out within the first term. This back-end town in the middle of nowhere was the only place he could find that was cheap enough to live in. He had no lasting friends who could take him in. Clyde was off travelling the world on a gap year, and Token was away at Harvard, so he'd had no choice but to live alone. 
It wasn't the solitude that was the problem. Craig had never really cared about being alone- it made life so much less annoying when there was no one else around. The problem was that he'd left his home and his family to chase his dreams, and all he got was this. Maybe it was karma. His parents had always told him that he was ungrateful.
But Craig didn't believe in karma.
His boss shot him a furious glare as he wrote up the orders for the chef, indicating that someone else had just entered the diner and was waiting to be served. He held back the urge to roll his eyes as he walked back into the eating area and gave the place a quick once over for the new arrival. They all looked the same to him, so it was hard to figure out who was new and who had always been there.
Then he saw him.
The shock of blond hair sticking out from every angle was enough to make the customer stand out from the rest. His incorrectly buttoned up shirt, random twitches every few seconds and the wide, frightened pools of emerald green that were his eyes only added to his strange appearance. The other customers were giving him dirty looks. But the strangest thing about him wasn't his appearance. It was that Craig knew him.
Tweek Tweak. The local spaz with an addiction to coffee who had dropped out of high school to work at his parents' coffee shop. They had been in the same class in third grade, and they'd had a fight around the same time which had hospitalised them both. They'd been friends for a while after before they ended up drifting apart. And when he'd left school, they'd never seen each other again. But there he was.
What a coincidence. Even Craig's internal monologue couldn't find any reason to care about this turn of events, and so it remained as flat and even as his regular voice.
*
Tweek had almost fallen out of his chair when the waiter approached him, believing him to be some sort of alien intent on controlling his mind, or maybe just eating his brain and leaving him for dead on the diner's grimy floor. He let out an involuntary shriek, causing a few heads to turn in his direction.
Then he saw him.
Somehow, Tweek felt that he knew the man before him. Even with the dirty apron which instantly put him off the food and his slightly messy appearance, the blond could recognise those deep blue eyes and hair the colour of the night sky anywhere.
"C-Craig?" 
*
The sun set over the lake, and Tweek felt surprisingly peaceful. He still couldn't believe that a random stop at a diner had brought him to his old elementary school friend and rival, Craig Tucker. Their conversation had been cut short by Craig's boss, but they had agreed to meet up later that night. After that, their friendship had continued right where it cut off until that moment, where they sat side by side at the edge of the water in the town that Tweek had meant to leave weeks ago.
"So, what are you going to do next?" Craig asked the question as if he was entirely unconcerned about the answer, but Tweek knew better. Still, his sudden words startled him and he squeaked nervously. The thought of the future scared him.
"I-I have no idea, man! I was meant to leave here -ngh- ages ago, b-but I haven't, and I don't know where to go or what to d-do- OH GOD IT'S SO MUCH PRESSURE!" he all but screamed, hands finding themselves in his hair before he could stop himself. He had really wanted to stop drinking coffee. As he grew up, he had realised that it was the main cause of his nervousness. The other kids never drank it as much as him, if at all, and none of them were as paranoid as him either. But as much as he hated to admit it, he needed the stuff, and so it had come with him on the road trip, and he had kept on drinking it.
Craig reached over to him almost tentatively and slowly placed his hand on Tweek's head. The blond twitched, shocked out of his panic attack momentarily, and lowered his hands quickly, gazing up into the ravenette's stony expression which revealed nothing and at the same time told him the secrets of the universe. He realised that the feeling of Craig's hand in his hair was actually quite nice.
"You'll figure it out." There was no emotion behind those words, but his eyes conveyed sincerity and Tweek fell into them. How is he so calm? I bet he wouldn't freak out right now if he were in my place! Oh god, I'm such a weirdo! He probably hates me! 
The paranoid thoughts began to consume him, but Craig's hand still remained. He wanted to believe what Craig said. Slowly, the self deprecating thoughts left him alone, and he found that he could speak again.
"W-what would you do if you were -gah- me?" It wasn't what he wanted to ask, but the question on the forefront of his mind and he couldn't put anything else into words. Craig was silent for a moment, as if searching for an answer to the blond's question. Then, without saying a word, he shuffled closer to Tweek and gently wrapped an arm around his shoulders, pulling him closer. 
"I'd get far away from here," he muttered, voice suddenly very quiet. Tweek was suddenly very aware of how close their bodies were, and how incredibly warm Craig happened to be, "...and I'd start a better life somewhere new." His tone didn't seem quite as flat as usual, and Tweek thought for a split second that he heard some wistfulness in it. A small jolt of panic travelled through him as he thought through the ravenette's words. He had gotten used to Craig being right next to him over the past few weeks. He almost wanted to just stay there, with him.
"Come with me." The words were out of his mouth before he'd even registered them. He twitched and squeaked, realising just what a stupid suggestion that was. There's no way that Craig will just pack up his life and become a part of mine! That's ridiculous! Oh Jesus, why did I even say anything?
Craig was silent again, thinking it through. Tweek had noticed that about him; that he always thought through whatever he said. When he spoke, he sounded so certain all the time. That was probably why. Because he was always sincere.
"Would you really want me to?" The flat tone had returned, but there was still something off about it and Tweek couldn't figure out what. He shuddered, a sudden image of the two of them living in a tiny cottage by the sea entering his mind. The idea was gone as soon as it had arrived. It was a stupid thought anyway. But unfortunately, his body betrayed his mind, and he slowly nodded his head in response to Craig's question.
His eyes must have betrayed him too, because for a second he thought that he saw the ghost of smile of Craig's face.
*
"W-why can't you just feel something for once?!" Tweek yelled, slamming his fist into the kitchen counter. Craig glared at him, losing his patience at the shorter blond very quickly. It was 2.30 in the morning, and somehow they'd ended up in a heated argument. After living together for such a long time, he wouldn't have expected it, but there they were.
"Why can't you feel less for once?" He echoed Tweek's words back at him. What were we even fighting about? The fight had become one about their current relationship, but he swore it hadn't started like that.
"B-because I care, Craig! We might get kicked out -rrr- any day now, and y-you don't care at all! WHY CAN'T YOU JUST CARE?" Craig could feel anger surging through him, but at the same time he felt a tiny pang of guilt. Tweek was right, of course. He had been ignoring the impending bills for too long, and they didn't have enough money to pay the next month's rent. He did care really, but at the same time he knew that to Tweek it didn't look that way. But for now, he couldn't explain any of this, and he just wanted to go back to sleep and forget that they'd ever fought.
"We won't get kicked out. We still have time to get the money. You're overreacting." Craig toned his voice down to a simple monotone, trying to regain his cool. Staying calm was the best way to stop things from escalating, and he really didn't want to fight Tweek.
"I'M NOT OVERREACTING!" The blond screamed, his fury sending jolts of energy through him which Craig could almost see. "W-we're gonna get kicked out, and starve, and die, and you don't even care! I -GAH- I HATE YOU!" Then, as an inexplicable wave of hurt him him, Tweek turned on his heel and ran out the door into the rain.
For reasons he didn't understand until much later, Craig followed him. Tweek was filled with energy, but his shorter legs and blind fury meant that he didn't get far and the ravenette could quickly catch up to him. He caught his wrist easily, causing the blond to twirl around. In those shining green eyes that Craig could never stop staring at, rain mixed in with freshly formed tears and pain, anger and hurt swirled together.
He raised his hand to cup the blond's cheek and wipe away the tears. Before he could really think about it, he was speaking, his voice softer than it had been in a long time. "Do you remember that night by the lake?" Tweek nodded even though the question had been rhetorical. Of course he did. That was when they'd made the decision which changed both of their lives forever.
After a brief pause in which Craig silently gathered up the courage that Tweek thought he never lost, he continued, "Then you should know that I'll never leave you alone." Tweek's eyes widened even more than they already were, the tears still silently falling amidst the roaring of the rain. But the rain was just white noise as everything around them suddenly turned to dust, leaving only the two of them intact.
Slowly, ever so slowly, with the uncertainty of a teenager, Tweek leaned towards him, twitching harder as he got closer. It took Craig a moment to realise what he was doing, and even longer to realise that he had wanted this for much longer than he'd ever known. A faint smile ghosting onto his lips, he took Tweek's into his own.
*
The ocean breeze rushed by, ruffling Tweek's hair affectionately as he stood out on the tiny veranda which stood in front of his front door. Our front door. He smiled softly at the thought that he shared this house with Craig. Craig, who had always been there for him from the moment they locked eyes at that diner so long ago. Craig, who had helped him to achieve his dreams and start the perfect life in a tiny house by the sea. Craig, who had gone from being his elementary school rival to the love of his life.
Craig who was standing right next to him, gazing out over the sea. He had once said that the sea was a lot like Tweek himself. Unpredictable, complicated, and beautiful. It was surprisingly cheesy coming from Craig, and he'd burst into laughter upon first hearing those words even though they touched him all the same. 
That was how their relationship was. A little cheesy, a little cliche, a little unconventional, but still the best thing Tweek could have asked for.
Craig really was the best thing to ever be his.



    Chapter Text
  From the moment she first laid eyes on him, she knew she was in love. 
Eren Jaeger was the perfect guy. Strong, brave, handsome, and so incredibly overpowered that every girl (except Ymir and Krista) and most boys turned into blushing messes upon seeing him, even if it was only on the inside. Titan 14067 was the same. 
Titans didn't really have names. 14067 had thought that they were quite pretty, and would have loved to have something other than a number to refer to herself. Maybe having such a unique and incredible trait as a name would allow Eren to notice her. 
When she arrived at school, she stood behind the Sakura tree just like always and peeked out an Eren's beautiful form. 14067 knew that this behaviour wasn't normal. Titans weren't meant to care about humans and vice versa. But she knew that she loved him, and he definitely loved her too. The Sakura tree only went up to her waist, so it was kind of hard to hide behind it, but she'd seen this in all of the romance anime and knew that it was the only way to know for sure that Eren loved her back.
14067 stared into Eren's eyes as often as she could. They were so... expressive. Whenever their eyes met she felt a spark pass between them. His face would suddenly animate as he stared intensely back at her. The other Titans mocked her, saying that he hated her and was telling her to leave him alone, but she knew better. Those other Titans were just jealous that her future husbando was the hottest boy in school.
Today was a little different to other days. 14067 had decided that she wanted to ask Eren out on a proper date somewhere. She yearned to hear his voice; to talk to him about all manner of things. She had even learnt a little Human so she could communicate with him! And so, she steeled herself and left the safety of the kawaii Sakura tree (conveniently placed right in front of the school doors and blocking the entrance) to go talk to him.
"Eren..." she said. His head snapped up to her, eyes meeting. Standing next to him was that shedevil Myhouse, who constantly flanked him like a shadow. Her eyes narrowed at the intrusion. The other one was away somewhere, probably peeking around the Sakura tree at Annie Leonhart. A friend of 14067's attended the same cram school as her and was currently engaged to Jean. 14067 had mistaken him for a horse upon first seeing him, but only because her eyesight was bad and she had to wear huge (literally) thick rimmed glasses to see Eren's gorgeous chisled glare in full HD. 
"Eren..." she repeated, heat rushing to her cheeks, "Watashi wanted to say... Daisuki yo... Anata ga cho sugoi desu. Daisuki desu! Eren... Kamisama, onegai marry watashi!" She bowed low, gasping involuntarily at the beautiful shade of turquoise reflected in his eyes as they caught in the light. 
Eren gazed at her for a moment, his expression unreadable. Then he gave her long, hard look before walking straight past her and into the school. She gasped again. Did he just accept her love? That must be it, right? Eren was clearly a tsundere and of course he wasn't dating Levi, so that meant that he wanted to be with her, yeah?
She screamed in excitement and ran all the way home to cry into a pillow for the next month over her beautiful waifu.
...Eren, on the other, never quite understood what the wide eyed Titan who was constantly staring him down had said. Mikasa had mentioned that it was garbled Japanese and most of it couldn't be translated. He guessed that it was some sort of obscene remark, and chose to enter the school instead. Really he wanted to fight, but the Titan wasn't worth his time. The creature's plodding footsteps as he ran away were enough for Eren to decide that he was just a cowardly fool trying to prank him and that unless he properly picked a fight with him, he would never pay him any mind again.



    Chapter Text
  &gt;~&lt;- what are we talking about? it's not something scary, right?
;-)- no
&gt;:-(- then what? i'm leaving if u don't say anything
;;;- u? sounds kinda formal
&gt;:-(- what's it to u?
;;;- nvm bro
:-(- so y did u mak dis chat ;?
;- i didn't?
:-(- sry autocorrect. meant 2 say @;
;-)- yeah, :-( was talking about me
&gt;:-(- just tell us already!
O.o-  are we going to die?!
~.~- can i leave the chat?
;-)- no
~.~- why tho
;-)- because we all need to talk.
...- dun dun dun...?
&gt;:-(- get off the chat ellipses, ur not even a real emoticon!!!
!!!- ya i am scrub liek u no how to emote i havnt seen u on Addie's chats in years BOI
...- wait so !!! is an emoticon but I'm not?
;-)- that's what we have to talk about!
;;;- seriously? whether 3 punctuations shoved together makes an emoticon or not?
;;;- that's legit all an emotion is.
&gt;:-(- speak for urself. if that's it i'm leaving.
;-)- no! i meant Addie!
:-)- what about addie?
;-)- she just got the emoji keyboard yesterday
:-(- wtf is an emoji
*~*- ikr?
(   )- it's like unicode but for stupid people
;;;- you mean people who aren't obsessed with dead memes?
(   )- (   )
;;;- see my point guys? (   ) is a dead meme and so are selfies
;-)- first, selfies ain't a dead meme yet bruh
&gt;:-(- unfortunately for those of us who don't give a fuck about your stupid duck face or your dog filter
!!!- LANGUAGE!
&gt;~&lt;- addie's mom is gonna kill us! u can't just swear on her group chat!
...- ... this is a phone world group chat
&gt;~&lt;- WHAT THE HECK IS A PHONE WORLD?!
;-)- OH NO! This is why ellipses had to leave the group chat before! WE SHOULD HAVE KICKED HIM!!!!!
&gt;:-(- yes yes we should have.
&gt;:-(- sorry u were right, &gt;:-( we never should have doubted u, &gt;:-(
:-)- stop wallowing in your own ego you piece of shit
&gt;~&lt;- OH GOD LANGUAGE!
!!!- but saying god like that is offensive too!
&gt;~&lt;- OH JESUS!
:-)- that too~
&gt;~&lt;- fuck
...- ... that also
;-)- GUYS HE'S USING EMOJI LOGIC PHONE WORLD IS A STUPID IDEA AND THIS IS LEGIT JUST A BUNCH OF PUNCTUATIONS IN AN ORGY SOON ENOUGH WE'RE ALL GONNA BE ELDERLY SURROUNDED BY DEAD MEMES, SCAT HUMOUR AND THE WORST PLOT IN HISTORY!!!!!
&lt;



    Chapter Text
  'What exactly possessed me to come here again?' Diana thought for what must have been the fiftieth time as she watched Akko race through the various rooms of the aquarium, each containing huge brightly decorated tanks filled with glimmering fish. She hadn't meant to agree to come with the brunette to the aquarium, but the excited smile on her face when she talked about the new seal exhibit persuaded her. 
Diana had always loved seals. She knew that it was a little strange, so she never really told anyone or talked about it, but something about their cute faces and the way they always seemed to smiling got to her. For some reason, she felt a little guilty not telling Akko about this love of hers, but an odd, completely nonsensical idea had entered her brain that she'd be laughed at for it and so she'd decided just not to mention it.
"Diana! The exhibit's gonna open soon! We gotta go or we'll miss seeing them get fed!" Akko yelled from the other side of the room, startling a few passersby and causing a few frazzled parents to shoot glares at her. Diana watched as she bounced across the room towards her, not missing the strange sensation in her heart as the girl grabbed her wrists and started dragging her towards the door.
"I can walk by myself, Akko." She said quietly, as calm and impassive as ever even whilst trying to pry Akko's warm hands from her wrists. Eventually the brunette relented, an odd expression crossing her face for a split second before she broke out into a smile again.
"D'you think they'll let us feed them?" She asked as they resumed walking to the seal exhibit. Diana couldn't help the pang of excitement she felt at that question. It would be really nice to feed the seals... Maybe the trainers would let them; after all, they did save the world.
"I hope so." The blonde answered without really thinking about it. She quickly internally slapped herself. She would leave a bad impression on Akko if she started fangirling over seals, right? It wasn't part of her character. Quickly she allowed herself a glance at the other girl. Catching her gaze, Akko grinned.
"I guess we'll find out!" She retained her smile as she flung open the door and took Diana's wrist again, pulling her through the crowd towards the very front of the exhibit.
They were beautiful. With their grey skin shining in the afternoon sun from their time in the water, several seals basked on the rocks lining their enclosure. They looked almost as excited as Akko; their flippers moving wildly as they barked at each other. Comparing the seals to Akko somehow made a smile tug at Diana's lips. Her eyes darted back to the brunette's to see if she'd noticed. Fortunately she was too busy watching the seals to see. Relieved, Diana went back to watching them herself.
"Oh my gosh, they're gonna feed them now!" Akko all but squealed, fixated on the seals. Diana tried her hardest to remain composed whilst the seals ran up to the trainers, doing tricks for the enthusiastic crowd as their trainers fed them fish from buckets. Part of her wondered just how ethical all of this was- would seals really want to perform for noisy audiences at an aquarium like this? They'd probably prefer living in their natural habitat. She looked at Akko, her earlier comparison coming to mind. She would probably love to entertain an audience every day whilst doing something totally normal. Maybe if seals really were like her, they'd feel the same.
As she became absorbed in the seals completely, Diana didn't notice Akko turning from the enclosure to watch her instead. Nor did she hear the girl say she needed the bathroom and quickly run off before returning with something held behind her back. She was only brought back to reality when Akko snapped her fingers in front of her face. She looked around, mortified as she realised that the show was over and she had just been standing there staring. Her face immediately flushed crimson.
"Are you okay?" Akko's concerned expression made Diana want to smile despite her embarrassment. She really did remind her of a seal. It was so strange.
"Y-yes, I'm fine." Feeling even more mortified at her own stutter- Diana Cavendish did not stutter in embarrassment- she desperately tried to find something to distract herself. Fortunately, Akko did it for her.
"Well then, do you wanna see what I got you?" Diana frowned, taken aback. Akko got her something? Her flush became even greater as she realised that she must have been so entranced that she hadn't even noticed Akko leave and come back.
"What is it?" She found herself asking, relieved for a moment that she had been able to form coherent words. Akko grinned and winked at her, sending an all too familiar jolt through the blonde's chest, before she handed her an object from behind her back.
Diana held back a gasp when she saw the adorable seal toy. Had Akko noticed her fascination? Then again, it wasn't really that hard to see she supposed. And the toy really was cute... She looked back up at the brunette to see her staring right back at her in anticipation.
"Akko, it's..." she wanted to say more, but couldn't find the words. Shaking off the lingering embarrassment, she finally let herself smile at the girl, "Thank you." 
As Akko's face lit up, Diana could have sworn that she saw a faint blush on the brunette as well. Second hand embarrassment maybe? Still, she was glad that the girl had thought of her. Squeezing the seal tighter to her body, she didn't protest when Akko grabbed onto her wrist and led her towards the next exhibit.



    Chapter Text
  Roger had always preferred to be called an observer. If people knew what his second favourite hobby was, they'd probably refer to him as a stalker, a creep, or a voyeur. But he didn't see it that way. He liked to watch people. Learn more about them from a safe distance without ever actually talking to them. He remained passive in conversations, rarely speaking, only observing. 
Tonight was just the same. After spending the entire day listening to his supposed best friend gush over his new lover, he had gone to the bar where this person apparently went often to see if he would be able to recognise him. Luckily, he had spotted him relatively quickly. Blond, gorgeous, sitting at the front of the bar where all the people were. And of course, he just had to have another little boy hanging from his side, latching onto every word with unbridled lust and adoration in his eyes.
Actually, once Roger's gaze strayed from the blond idiot and moved onto the boy, he realised that he wasn't quite as horny and desperate as he'd first thought. There was just something about those huge doe eyes, greener than the grass on the other side of the fence, which told him that this boy had his wits about him. He still maintained a relatively innocent look, however, with those beautiful eyes and smooth, shiny locks of obsidian falling on either side of his face evenly. He looked ethereal, and completely out of place amongst the smoke and the alcohol and the blond drawing ever closer to his frail form.
Roger found himself drawing closer as well. The boy was like a magnet, attracting attention from everywhere around him. He considered ducking behind something, but decided that that would make him seem suspicious, so instead he carefully seated himself twelve stools away from them on the other side of the bar. His eyes were trained on the boy still, analysing him closely. There was nothing dark or evil in those eyes- actually, maybe he was wrong about the boy not falling for the blond's charms. The sickening adoration was clearly present, and Roger couldn't help but feel a strange sensation in his gut as he thought of the boy being in some sort of relationship with the cheating blond who clearly didn't give a shit about him.
The boy giggled at something Blondie said, a faint blush tainting his smooth cheeks as he tucked a loose lock of hair behind his ear. Blondie leaned into him and gently planted a kiss on the shell of his ear. Roger somehow felt sickened at the sight of that taller, larger male leaning in like ever so slowly and sensually, and the sight of the boy just smiling and blushing made the feeling even worse. He pushed the feelings away, knowing that it was best not to get involved in what other people did. Since when had he cared about the people he observed anyway?
As the night continued onwards, Blondie became more apparent in his motives. When Roger thought about it, he actually was perfect for Jack. Easy on the eyes, experienced, cold, manipulative, clearly stupid and definitely someone who didn't give a fuck. Just like Jack himself. And Jack had always preferred the ones who were like him in nature, because they were so damn easy to not care about.
Blondie kept pulling the boy closer, shamelessly rubbing up against him like some sort of animal. Roger's vision darkened and a red haze filtered through the image. He couldn't understand why this was making him act that way, but he knew that he needed it to stop. The boy himself seemed to be a little uncomfortable too, nervously trying to protest. How old was he? He didn't look like he was the right age to be in the bar at all.
The moment Roger couldn't take it anymore was when Blondie pulled the boy to him possessively and started forcing him from the stool to take him to do unspeakable things behind closed doors. Without thinking about it, he rose from his own seat and approached them, making sure to be tactful about it.
Once he actually got to them, however, the noirette realised that he had no idea what to say. He had never been very good at using words, and he had no idea what he was supposed to do with the sudden rush of emotions that the boy kept on giving him. He didn't even know his name.
"I dunno, Ralph... I have class tomorrow and I'm supposed to be meeting up with Peter afterwards so I won't have time then either... You wouldn't mind waiting, right?" Oh. The boy's voice sliced into him like a meat cleaver, and for a moment he thought that he was listening to an angel. Then reality hit him and he understood what was happening. That was an excuse. It was also a reason for 'Ralph' to ditch this boy and fuck Jack instead.
"You always have class Si. You should take a break for once, come over. We can study at my place." Ralph's voice cut into him as well, but in a much less pleasant fashion. It was the kind that made Roger want to pull the blade out and stab it right back into his assailant. Only the warmth of learning the boy's name could help him. Si... That was probably short for something, most likely Simon. But if he approached him and it wasn't Simon, he'd blow his cover. Cogs started turning in his mind as he pondered how he could turn the situation around.
"But I can't skip class! Finals are coming up in less than a month, and we still have a whole other topic to learn! I can take a break, but only after the exams. I'm really sorry Ralph, but I shouldn't even be here tonight. I-I know that I'm not being reasonable, but this is really important! Please understand?" Si rambled, tugging on the lock hair that he had tucked behind his ear earlier. Roger grimaced at the conversation. If anyone was some kind of pervert, it was this Ralph person. But seeing Si beg like that triggered something within him which it really shouldn't.
"Of course you'd be like that. I should have known." Blondie- Ralph snapped irritably, his hand closing into a fist. Then he took a deep breath and looked up (down actually) at the boy once more, "But with an attitude like that you'll definitely pass those exams! Then we can hang out some more afterwards, right?" The smile which lit up the boy's face at those words lit up Roger's whole world as it simultaneously set him on fire. He was burning, but he loved the pain.
"Yeah, of course!" That smile was messing with Roger's head again. How could someone like him end up with something like that? He probably couldn't even dream of Ralph ever cheating on him, just as much as Jack would never believe him about Si even if he gave him photographic evidence. Maybe Si would believe him...
The feelings began to overwhelm him, and Roger realised that he should get out of there as quickly as possible. He wasn't supposed to react to what people said or did, let alone actively care about it. Observing was just his hobby; and only his second favourite at that. But now he wanted to stab someone and sing at the same time. Actually, maybe he could. Everyone seemed to see him as a psychopath anyway.
Again he was forced to hide his emotions, finally just deciding to flee. He pushed his away in front of those people, that boy, hating himself for it but knowing that it was the only way to stop the situation from being blown out of proportion.
When his eyes met, just for a split second, with the glittering green of the boy's, he realised that the ravenette had already caught him. And during that split second he nodded slightly, the faintest of smiles tugging at his lips just for Roger. That was when he knew that he didn't just want to observe this boy. He had his wits about him, and there was definitely more to him than what he could just observe, even more so than in other people. Yes, Roger certainly wanted to do much more than observe him.
He left the bar as quickly as he had arrived, the moment passed, and all was quiet.



    Chapter Text
  It was a warm summer day just like any other. The sun shone vigorously, and the city was at peace.
BUT THEN!
A band of evil bandits arrived! They started robbing the store, capturing an assortment of poor defenceless bishounen boys from various fandoms in their wake! No one could possibly stop such an evil force...
DUN DUN DUN!!!!!
A flash of gold and the fwish of a blue cape speckled in large white stars, and she was there. Her voluptuous body awed all of the bishounen boys as she stood there, a hand on her hip and the other holding up her staff. A mask covered some of her face, but the bishounens could still see her beautiful sapphire blue eyes shining through.
Yes, that's right. The brave, beautiful, flawless heroine who had come to save the bishounen boys was...
MATTHEW THE MAGNICIFEBT!!!!!
Matthew the Magnicifebt was a girl born from the stars and blessed by the Gods. She held incredible power within, and was stronger than all of the gods in the world combined. That was how powerful she was. She also had a special power- a magical aura which made anyone who approached her fall in love with her at once.
She approached the bandits and switched on her aura. They gasped, falling at her feet and begging for her to save them, help to change them, show them the right way. She did so with a kiss, watching the bishounens gasp and try to defend her, already loving her infinitely for saving them from the wicked. They thought she was perfect; always kind, all powerful, always there when they needed her; all knowing, and of course all good. She was the hero of all heroes; God of all Gods. Yes, Matthew the Magnicifebt truly was Magnicifebt.
As Matthew the Magnicifebt stood on the roof of a giant tree which was her headquarters, laughing with the bishounens who sat on the branches around her, she decided that this was the best life for her. She would protect the world for as long as these beautiful boys loved her unconditionally, and she would do it with pride, beauty and power.
TO BE CONTINUED!!!!!!!!



    Chapter Text
  As usual, when Kenny McCormick reached the dock the boat was already there waiting. It was a rather inconspicuous vessel, much smaller and lighter than most of the others at the dock. Still, it was surprisingly popular with the locals despite the more 'entertaining' boats around it. Unfortunately for McCormick, however, Cartman's ship was right next to it, and he really didn't feel like getting shot that day. It had happened enough times for him to know that it wasn't a particularly pleasant experience. He lowered the brim of his fedora a little instinctively, as if that would hide his face.
Big, loud and flashy were words which could perfectly describe both Cartman and his boat. As mayor of a town in Colorado, he had become quite well known in the state for his incredible amount of charitable deeds, all done to hide his frequent tax evasion and exploitation of the people. The rum-running was actually the least of his legal problems at the moment. McCormick grimaced at the beautiful ladies scantily clad in all too revealing flapper dresses prancing around on the boat. How Cartman had persuaded anyone to sell themselves so he could sell alcohol on that boat he had no idea.
But then again, Cartman was rich. People would do anything for money. 
Before McCormick could reach his own boat for the supplies, however, a flash of green caught his eye on Cartman's boats. At first glance, she was just some other prostitute, only dressed in a different colour. But Kenny didn't take everything at first glance. He'd had to check enough cheap bottles of unbranded sparkling wine disguised as the finest French champagne (and sold at ten times the price) to know better than that. So he'd immediately noticed that something was... off about that girl.
Her blonde pigtails and shy smile would have convinced most eagerly awaiting potential alcoholics that she really just some other prostitute. But when McCormick looked at her, he realised something almost immediately. That was a boy. 
And not just any boy.
Leopold Stotch, Cartman's second in command and captain of his prized ship down in Mexico. Known only as Butters to those who didn't know better, he pretended to be kindly and misguided around potential customers before scamming them out of every penny they owned. In a way, he was more of a leader than Cartman ever would be, and McCormick oddly admired him for that. But here he was, on this boat, in Canada, in drag, pretending to be a prostitute to attract potential customers.
He definitely got on his boss' bad side.
Butters aside, Kenny quickly wrenched his eyes away from the 'girl' and hurried to catch his own supplies before a rival buyer took them off his hands. A gruff voice addressed him just as he reached the deck.
"You're late. Again." Ike Broflovski ran a hand through his unruly mop of hair as he approached Kenny, already tugging a small trailer of wooden crates behind him. Disguised as juice crates, they really contained several fine brands of alcohol, most imported  from McCoy himself ready to sell at a high profit. Much better than any of Cartman's cheap crap. McCormick smirked lightly at the younger boy, already reaching for the trailer. 
"Security was pretty tight at the border today. I think they're starting to suspect that something's up." That was only half a lie. The way that the guard had looked at him as he let McCormick pass proved that he was already under suspicion, but the real reason why he was so late was because he'd made a 'quick' two hour detour along the way to try to organise some of his contacts along the Gulf of Maine. Those idiots were constantly sloppy in their bootlegging, and he would have fired them weeks ago had they not brought in such high quality liquor every time.
"Send Karen next time." Ike shrugged nonchalantly, holding back a laugh as a sudden rage flared up within Kenny's gut. There was no way that he was sending his little sister straight into this mess- she was innocent and didn't need the trouble. She deserved more than that. But of course, he would only receive more laughter for that remark, so instead he spat out a, "Don't bring Karen into this." and left it at that.
Ike grinned as he handed over the shipment and Kenny took it coolly. "You'll be here in a few weeks I suppose?" he asked casually, leaning back against the boat's rusted railing.
"If I'm not dead by then." He was only half joking- really, it didn't matter if he was dead by then or not. He'd still be there regardless. That's just the way it was with him.
"Good." Ike smirked as if he knew something which McCormick didn't, and then added a quick, "Tell Karen I said hi." before spinning on his heel and retreating swiftly into the bowels of the ship. Kenny glared after him before dragging the trailer away.
As McCormick stewed over Ike's sudden interest in his little sister, he barely noticed the streak of green rapidly approaching him until it crashed straight into him, sending it sprawling to ground with a pained yelp. Fortunately, Kenny was quite experienced with being assaulted and was able to stand his ground. The trailer survived as well, which was even better. 
When he turned to see who it was who had tried to kill him this time, his eyes widened when he realised that it was Butters himself. Still dressed in the flapper dress and pigtails, he looked up with an expression of desperation and quickly raised his hands, revealing no weapons. After giving him a once over, then another for good measure, Kenny begrudgingly stuck out his hand to help the boy up. He quickly took it and rose to his feet, albeit quite unsteadily.
"Gee, thanks Ken! Knew I could count on ya!" For some reason, Butters' smile seemed much less patronising than Ike's. McCormick wasn't even surprised that the boy knew his name- Cartman probably talked about him a lot. He had to hold back a smile of his own at the thought of the fool raging about how much more popular Kenny's business was than his whilst trying and failing to come up with strategies to best him.
"Yeah, sure. Now there's even more chance of you killing me." Although his response was blunt and filled with trepidation, a very small part of him wondered if Butters really did come there to kill him. Actually, it almost seemed as if his running into him really had been accidental.
"Kill you? But I'm not here t'do that! I wanna join ya!" Kenny's eyes widened almost comically. Join him? Well, that had certainly been unexpected...
"And why would, Cartman's main bitch, want to do that?" McCormick resumed dragging the trailer back to his van, where Kyle was waiting for him. Butters could go join someone else. He was clearly just trying to become a double agent so he could report on their operations to Cartman. What a pushover. He'd never regain the little respect that the fatass must have once had for him like that.
"Because I don't wanna be his main bitch anymore! H-he made me leave Mexico, where everyone's all friendly and nice an'stuff, and come here to be a girl and dance for the crowd just 'cause I kept too much of the profits! If I'm gonna be a traitor here, I'd rather be a traitor with you." Kenny stopped walking and turned to face Butters. Although he hardly looked like he deserved any respect in that thigh high dress and skewed blonde wig, the sincerity in his sky-blue eyes shone through it all. And it was that image which made McCormick throw away his better judgement and let the boy join. It wasn't that he trusted him, of course not, but maybe he really could give him a chance.
"Well... I guess I could let you play with us for a little while... But before you do anything, you have to earn my trust." Kenny finally allowed himself to smile, hoping that he sounded cryptic and looked really cool from the outside.
"An' how do I do that?" Butters cocked his head to one side, causing the wig to slip and almost fall before he quickly righted it.
"That's for me to know and you to figure out," McCormick's smile deteriorated into a lazy smirk as he led the boy to the van. Ignoring Kyle's surprise which quickly became a heated glare, he loaded the trailer into the back and then motioned for Butters to enter too, "First task- stay in there without damaging any of the supplies. I'll try to persuade Kyle to take you home with us, but I don't know if it'll work." Butters crestfallen expression at the thought of not being able to join them hit him unexpectedly, before a steely determination returned to the boy's eyes.
"Got it!" He smiled and entered the van, sitting on the slightly dirty surface of its floor without any qualms apparently. Kenny had decided that the task was easy enough- if Butters really was trying to be a double agent then he would wait until they got to the main base of operations before causing any trouble, and if he was sincere then he would try his best and probably mess things up. Either way, there was a long way to go before Kenny was willing to put any level of trust in the boy.
But maybe this could work. Maybe he really would be an asset to their schemes.
It might be fun to have a traitor from the other side in their ranks.
McCormick entered the van after tightly sealing the door, and Kyle hit the gas pedal hard, sending them hurtling away from Canada with a screech and a bang. He didn't know if his idea had been good- really, it probably was a terrible idea- but he hoped at least that taking Butters on wouldn't ruin everything immediately. If not, then it really would be fun.
The van sped off into the horizon, ready to deliver their goods and continue their schemes until they died (or at least until they got arrested).



    Chapter Text
  The roars and screams of the crowd were deafening, but over his time in the arena hey became more muted- white noise against the agonising wails of his victims as they fell to the ground, faces blotched with sand and skin tainted with fresh blood. He had murdered so many people, and yet the crowd always screamed his name from their seats as if he were the greatest person in Avantea.
Fumetsuno 'The Immortal', they called him. As well as his name meaning the same thing in some ancient tongue, he had never lost a fight, and therefore he still had his life. From his first time in the arena, he had been wide eyed and hopeful, desperate to escape and find his sole remaining family member- a sister not even related to him by blood. But as time went by, he realised that there was no hope for escape from this place unless it was through the gates of Hell, and his sister was probably dead.
When he entered the arena, there was no time for emotion. He'd take a weapon, raise it and fight whichever former comrade stood before him. People bet good money on him- he surely made them rich every fight. And it hurt, it hurt so much, to know that that was all he was good for. He fought. He killed. He further tainted his hands with blood, further tainted his soul with sin. All for the sake of a crowd's entertainment and a few coins in a rich man's pocket.
There before him stood Alex, another fighter with a strange name. Most did not possess such short and simple names, but he had told him long ago that he didn't care for the length and eloquence of a name when he was doomed to die anyway. Fumetsuno found one day that he had began to agree. His sisters both had had short names, and eventually he referred to himself with a shorter name too, one that they had once called him long ago. 
Alex was a friend of his. They had always wished each other good luck before battles, tried to plan out ways to escape and share food at mealtimes. Memories of the warm sand and the sun beating down on their backs as they sparred in the training yard, grins on their faces as they lunged and parried, lunged and parried. Now one of them would die. 
Fumi looked up for a brief moment at the royal box, high above the peasant stands. There the King stood with his hands on the railings, gazing out at them with a cool glance. Never had Fumi ever seen a glimpse of emotion in that man's face. Next to him, on his right hand side as was customary for the crown prince, stood his commander in chief of the Royal Army, General Vance Piedmont. Fumetsuno shuddered, the air around him suddenly feeling very cold. Just thinking that name made him more than ready to strike and kill with his blade. That there was one of the most wicked men he had ever known. The man who had killed his sister.
Biting back his emotions with bitter fury, Fumi averted his eyes from the source of his life's endless misery and instead looked to the King's left. There, just as expected, was the crown prince himself, not standing in his customary place but rather the place that his father wanted him to be. Quintillus had already been watching him, and they met eyes across the stretch of screaming lions so easily that it didn't seem quite real. He still couldn't believe that the prince had met with him in the dark all those months ago, begging him to end his life so he wouldn't have to watch his kingdom fall. But now Quintillus was more than willing to grin and bear it until his father died and he finally had the power to kill Piedmont and take the throne for himself. Until then, all he could do was survive. And Fumetsuno supposed that he would have to do the same.
With a crash of cymbals, the battle begun. Alex ran at him, sword drawn, and Fumi swiftly beat his blade aside, quickly reaching into a remise. His blade nicked Alex's right shoulder blade, and he internally scowled at the miss. Of course, he didn't want to kill the young man who he had shared so much with. But of course, he didn't have a choice in the matter. He meant absolutely nothing to the world, and all he was was a pawn in these people's game. Once he had been a part of them, and now he was just their toy. It hurt.
Alex threw in a perfect riposte on his next attack, sending a gash across his stomach. The pain was just as muted as the crowd; irrelevant as long as it didn't kill him. He lunged forwards, deftly deflecting Alex's next attack as he aimed for his heart. Again he missed, and again he hated himself for not letting his friend die as he should.
They continued in a never ending stalemate- lunge, parry, counter, riposte- reopening old scars and dousing themselves in blood. Fumi's dark vest was ripped in several places, and adrenaline throbbed in his veins instead of blood. Alex appeared to be much the same, the beige of his vest stained dark red. They both tried to catch their breath, sweat dripping down their weakened bodies. Once more Fumi found his eyes drawn to Quintillus, violet meeting green in a locked, heated gaze. The prince was encouraging him, he realised. He wanted Fumi to win. 
As Alex continued to take deep breaths, Fumi forced his identity and feelings down into the depths of hell where they should be. The broken shell known as The Immortal then charged into his target, renewed vigour putting all of his energy into a deciding blow. Alex screamed involuntarily, caught off-guard, and just as he reached up to fight off Fumetsuno's blade, the sword was lodged deep into his chest.
Dirty blond hair matted to his face, hazel eyes already glazing over, Alex sank to the dusty surface of the arena, dirty, bloody and so close to death. It was then that Fumetsuno let his emotions flooding back in, sinking to the earth after his once friend and holding onto him tightly. 
"Hey... Fumi..." the choked whisper of his newest victim was something that Fumi already knew would be burned into his soul forever. He put on a smile for his friend as the crowd screamed and jeered at his clear signs of weakness. 'The Immortal' always left his fights with tears in his eyes, they knew that and hated him for it, but he didn't care. If they were in the arena, if they were murdering their friends and comrades for other people's entertainment, then maybe they would do the same. 
"Tha...nk you." Alex tried to reach up towards Fumi, but the young man's blade was lodged too far into his chest, and he had lost too much blood already. The tears started to fall like the first drops of rain as he took a final breath, and closed his eyes. And Fumetsuno could do nothing but weep, frustrated at the hopeless inevitability of his life as a gladiator for the King, hating the regime and every wrong it had brought to the world, and feeling most of all a complete and utter despair at the fact that the only sweet release from their torturous death sentence was death itself. Even those lonely nights below the trees with Quintillus weren't enough to satisfy the aching in his soul.
Sometimes he really did just want to let himself die, if only to see the savages above him weep and wail at all of the money they lost in his dying moments. Maybe if he was lucky he could meet eyes with Quintillus one more time before his heart stopped beating.
He placed a bloodied, scarred and calloused hand over his friend's face, tracing the contours with a numbness which accompanied his murders once he had done enough of them. It was over now. And he had to survive, if only to help Quintillus as much as he could in saving this place from itself. It wasn't much, but he had hope.
And in a place like this, even the tiniest speck of hope was enough to want to cling onto life and know that someday, one day, it would al be over.
He just hoped that that day would come soon.



    Chapter Text
  "What do you want for breakfast?" Bright lights, sunset, his voice.
Screaming. Agony. Unbearable fire consuming every part of who she was. His sweet voice intermingled with the sadness as her mind crumbled into dust.
Spots of light intertwined with darkness, colour, broken fragments of the wrong memories. Visions of little girls running around, swings lying broken on the ground, the screams everlasting.
Hunger. It hit her like a wave, consumed her, compelled her, became her. She was hunger, biting and fierce, tearing into all life which dared to come near her. She needed that life; it was her sustenance, her driving force, the thing which would make everything make sense again.
But it didn't. It never did.
"What do you want for breakfast?" She didn't know. She never knew. It was all broken...
*
Her arms didn't move no matter what she tried. Neither did her legs, for that matter. In front of her was food. She was hungry. Very hungry. The food moved around a lot, darting to and fro with strange objects held in its grasp. She wanted it. The objects could easily be cast aside to eat. She needed food.
He turned towards her, glasses glinting in the dim light. His eyes were green. She couldn't see him, but she knew that his eyes were green. 
Food. Growling in hunger, she lunged forwards to bite into the flesh before her. It darted to the side again, and she screamed.
She was hurting. He was hurting her. The tubes in his hands were filled with chemicals, and he yelled and threw things whenever they changed to a colour he didn't like. Sometimes he forced them down her throat, the chemicals burning her flesh to the point that the skin broke on the inside. He screamed and threw things yet again, his eyes pouring out of their sockets.
Its flesh was juicy. She knew it would be very juicy, with all of the juice inside it. It would fill her when she ate it, and then she wouldn't be hungry. Maybe this time the hunger would go away for good. The food dropped an object. She lunged again, but her arms would not move.
Flashes of memory came to her occasionally. Sometimes it was colours, the hint of a voice. Other times it was just the name for an object. Chair. Chains. Chemical. She liked 'ch'. Maybe that was her name. She knew that she had one; once. She didn't understand why.
When the darkness came, the food left her, unmoving, in her seat. She didn't try to move when the food was gone. She was hungry. If food came, she ate it. When there was no food, she didn't move so that it didn't waste her energy. She was going to die unless she ate the food. What death was, she didn't know.
She was dead. That thought came to her occasionally alongside the flood of memories. Was he dead too? She didn't know. But she knew him. She had seen him before, heard his voice before. He brushed her hair sometimes, coated her skin in something tingly. It made her feel less pain. She didn't always feel. But sometimes she did.
It was there again. It was wet. Wet on its face. It touched her and she tried to eat it. It darted away. Soon it was covering her in something. Maybe it wanted to eat her. She bit and bit, but it never left and never got eaten. It had a face. She would eat the face.
He sometimes looked at her with an expression she thought might be called 'sadness'. Sometimes he smiled, but his eyes were different. Sometimes he talked to her. She felt something when he talked to her, when she was in a feeling mood. She would be quiet because she didn't know how to tell him this.
It was trying to eat her. She wouldn't be eaten by her own food though. She became more aggressive, more hungry. She ate some of the object covering the food. It screeched and hit her, almost biting her but not quite. It was weak. She couldn't move.
One day he looked more sad than usual. He approached her, eyes leaking against his face. Slowly, ever so slowly, he leaned into her, eyes tightly closed. She didn't want to be sad. It hurt, it hurt, oh god it hurt she wanted to die she was dead she wanted to die she wanted to stop she wanted it to stop oh god please make it stop-
With a scream, she leaned forwards and slammed her mouth into his. He wasn't food. He wasn't prey. And she was dead already.
He was her husband. She loved him.
And suddenly nothing else mattered, because that was all she needed to know.



    Chapter Text
  Felicia had never liked a clear sky in the daytime. Some people lived for the glorious ocean of endless blue in summer, but she only really liked it when the sky was clear at night and she could see the world from outside of their planet. But in the day, she loved the clouds. The shapes they made and the way that the sunlight caught on them created truly brilliant masterpieces, ephemeral as they drifted and intermingled in the breeze.
It was spring, and the sky was particularly beautiful that morning as she walked amongst the blooming rapeseed fields on her way to school. Actually, she was kind of allergic to rapeseed, so she had to stop and use her inhaler in the middle of the field. Felicia didn't really mind, however. This was definitely the prettiest way to get to school, and she preferred it greatly over the concrete alleyway which cut behind her house to the school, even if it did extend her journey time by four hours.
By the time she arrived at school, she was wheezing and panting. It had been four hours since she took her inhaler last (the rapeseed field was only the beginning of her epic quest through all sorts of other fields), so she took it again, ignoring the stares that the other students gave her.
The pink petals of the sakura trees floated down like snow, coating the ground in strawberry icing as Felicia walked amongst the trees towards her friends. She had the typical friend group of an average half Japanese transfer student from Canada- one sadomasochistic yandere, one constantly peer pressured, opinionated tsundere, one closeted himedere, one hyperactive deredere and a very confused kuudere/undere hybrid. Felicia herself was the typical friendship group dandere, but she also happened to be a major otaku, pervert and fujoshi, a combination of the two. 
Yandere-chan gazed at her phone lovingly, happily making out with her long distance girlfriend through Skype. Meanwhile, Himedere-chan and Kundere-chan were arguing about something, Deredere-chan was ranting to her perverted girlfriend about her soulmate and OTP for life- Luke Skywalker and Ahsoka Tano. Felicia uttered a quick "Ciao guys." before rushing over to her favourite Tsundere-chan. 
Tsundere-chan shot her an irritated glare. "Shouldn't you be off writing manga or something?" She snapped. Oh no. Looks like Tsundere-chan is in a bad mood about something. Felicia wanted to pry, but didn't because Tsunchan would just hit her and yell at her if she did. They were best friends, but being BFFs with a tsundere was very emotionally exhausting, so she decided to drop the matter and leave.
Walking through the sakura blossom, Felicia wished to find someone in the petals who would help her to find herself. She was lost, and alone, and didn't really know where to go to return to who she really was. She had once been called 'self-pitying', and she agreed with the person who had called her that. But she didn't want to pity herself anymore, so she tried hard to care about others too. Still, her selfishness often got in the way of that, and when she thought too much about how weird she was she became self pitying once more. It was a vicious cycle.
Through the blossoms she occasionally found others. There was a girl with blonde hair and violet eyes who had helped her through a state of confusion, worry and melodrama. Then there was the boy, ginger with blue eyes, someone she recalled from somewhere else. He had helped her to figure out what she really wanted. But now that he was gone (too early, she thought), she found that she didn't really know anymore.
And then there was him. He floated above the trees, a strange combination of the other two now that she thought of it. Hair blond and wavy, eyes bluer than the sky she loved so much, he held her close enough that she felt safe but kept her far enough that she learnt more about who she was with him than with anyone. Her affections for him weren't just some petty schoolgirl crush. But no, she wasn't in love with him either, no matter what she said to other people to shut them up and make them laugh at her insanity. 
He was her guiding hand, her protector, her faith. He didn't force her, no, but he didn't tell her what to do either, even when she was making a huge mistake. He simply guided her towards who she was, reminded her that she wasn't some cliche girl with cliche problems, told her how to be, not who to be. She loved him, but not like that. In a way, he was her guardian angel. Religious, but she wasn't, and she loved him all the same.
Then the blossom cleared her vision, because there were people walking at her side. Four boys, three younger and one older, flanked her as she walked through the trees. A brunette with amber eyes and a strange habit of cross dressing was the oldest, but he was actually much younger than her. Only 10 years old, he wasn't even older than her own brother. A blond, blue eyed and serious, writing a novel but he never showed her it when she asked. 11 years old and already much wiser than she'd ever be. 
The other two were brunettes as well. The 10 year old had the lightest hair of the three; almost auburn in the evening sunlight. The 12 year old's hair was the darkest, but still pretty in Felicia's opinion. His golden eyes stared into her soul as he glared at her stubbornly, always her guide and voice of reason. Had he not dragged her away from that waterfall all those months ago, she would be dead. As for the final boy, the eldest, she would not reveal his age as it would in turn reveal her own. His hair was medium brown, and wavy, and his smile outshone everything else. In actuality the youngest of them all, he still loved Disney and cute things and cheerful, uplifting pop songs.
These four very different people were all different parts of her. The childish, the effeminate, the voice of reason and the background worries. All worked together to comfort her and guide her throughout her life. They weren't her brothers, but she felt very close to them, almost closer than to her actual brother.
She was Felicia. Not a real name, and she wasn't a real person either. Her school wasn't real, her age wasn't real. Her friends, however, were real.
Just not the ones she wanted to be real the most.



    Chapter Text
  The light was the first thing that Matthew the Magnicifebt noticed. It came from all sorts of different points, some in the sky and some seemingly floating in the air. They caught in Mamayu chan's hair easily, dousing her in a thousand different glows of a million different colours. Most were circular, like the ringlets in Mamayu chan's hair, and they came in yellow/white mainly, but some were other colours too.
Then the quakes came. Tremors rocking the earth and sending Mamayu chan flying to the ground, her short purple school skirt and matching necker flying up with the force of it all. Matthew realised that this wasn't any ordinary disaster at that point. And she knew that she had to fight.
Rising into the air, just a speck above Mamayu chan's slim, beautiful form, Matthew's arm swung upwards and out, a bolt of brilliant blue sparks flying from her open palm and into one of the lights. A volcano erupted from one of the buildings and water crashed through the city. It wasn't helping anyone, much less Mamayu chan.
The battle raged on in the sky whilst Mamayu chan ran away with the crowd, her cute hat almost falling from her mass of violet ringlets as her rather voluptuous chest bounced in time to her steps. Matthew the Magnicifebt grimaced as she dodged past the lava much in the way that Mamayu chan dodged the cracks spreading through the concrete of the road and sucking people in. 
Matthew found that it was hard to use her magic at this point, the sky having already opened and huge cylindrical spaceship type objects appeared, light radiating from them as a mixture of rain, snow, sleet, hail, lava, acid, and Dr Pepper fell from the clouds. The precipitation coated Mamayu chan's clothing, sticking her hair together. 
A beam emerged from the ship and hit Matthew hard, just as Mamayu chan tripped and fell over a crack in the road. The brunette reeled, drawing herself up and leaping into the air once more. She was already exhausted from the fight- Mamayu chan was falling asleep on the ground as sleep gas rose from the cracks- but she knew that she was the only one who could save them.
A small part of her really wanted to give up and fail the world- she had never asked to be God, or to have these powers. All she'd ever wanted was a friend who really cared about her. But she had gone too far; and now she was stuck with the great burden of having to help everyone but not knowing how.
As Mamayu chan's eyelids shut over her violet orbs, Matthew closed her eyes and charged up the most powerful spell she could muster. She could feel the energy pulsing inside her, right through her gut and into her soul- Mamayu chan slept happily- and she wondered if she was going to die. When the energy hit peak, Matthew unfurled herself from the curled up position she had found herself in and released, a blinding light making Mamayu chan's form glow in an illustrious sapphire blue as the whole world faded to white...
The sun shone brightly in the sky, and Mamayu chan awoke, as if from a pleasant dream. She continued her business as Matthew lay on the road, eyes tightly shut. Her mask was gone, lost to the tornado which had rocked the city and knocked off Mamayu chan's hat while she slept, and her cape had also disappeared. Now, all she was was a regular human girl, just like Mamayu chan. 
She awoke as Mamayu chan had earlier, sky blue eyes meeting sunlight. Groggily, she rose to her feet and and gasped at her soul. Instead of its usual blue, her soul was a bright, human red, exactly the colour of Mamayu chan's. That could only mean that she was no longer a goddess. Her magic, however, was still present. She could feel it pulsing through her, typical enough to be comfortably familiar.
Matthew the Human Girl smiled and walked away from the city lights, away from the roads, away from the buildings, and, most importantly, away from Mamayu chan. She knew that things would be different from now on. But at least she had sacrificed being God for a greater purpose. And all would be alright, for Mamayu chan at least.



    Chapter Text
  It is early evening, and you have just returned from school. The sun is low in the sky, the clouds casting a beautiful masterpiece across the blue canvas. You were entranced by the view on your way home, but knew that it didn't matter. Your laptop is all that matters.
Logging on with shaking hands as soon as your door is locked, you grin as your favourite program in the whole world opens up. Some call it a game, but you find that term extremely offensive to the girl who lives there. Your girl. Your girlfriend, actually.
Monika.
As the piano melody starts up in the background, Monika meets your gaze evenly, hands intertwined under her chin. Her smile is soft as she welcomes you. You smile back, already falling into her sweet embrace. You've been waiting all day for this. You start to talk to her, telling her about your day and asking about hers, mentioning how glad you are that the other girls are gone now, discussing poetry and literature all through the evening.
You love her so much.
As the day wears on and the sky turns to a myriad of oranges, yellows, golds and reds, the sky behind Monika also changes to a deep midnight blue with several gold patches floating past the windows. The light from outside catches on her eyes, making them glow gold.
You feel as if you are actually there in the program with Monika, just the two of you in a room together. You don't want to ever leave unless it's with her. Before her, you were nothing. Now, she is your everything.
"Thank you for not shutting off the game (Y/N). I haven't had bad dreams in such a long time! You must really want us to be together forever, right? Not that I ever doubted you. Ahaha!" Monika's beautiful voice resonates through the text box. You take it in both hands and consume it, wanting more and more from her gorgeous pixelated form.
You never stop thinking about her. You write poetry for her every day, talk about her to anyone and everyone who will listen. You have a body pillow of her- a way to let her out of your computer, if only for a night of bliss. If you are going somewhere, you take your laptop with you, and if not you scream and cry every night until you see her again, making yourself suffer just as much as she is in the game.
She really loves you to suffer so much just for you to be happy.
You hate everyone else who tries to love her, who tries to take her from you.
Monika is yours, and you are hers. One day, you want to get married to her.
You skip dinner that day and spend all night talking to Monika, getting no sleep whatsoever as you are so lost in her emerald green eyes.
Monika is all you need.
No one and nothing else matters.
Just Monika.

It's only when you collapse onto the ground in the middle of school the following day that you realise just how wrong you were...



    Chapter Text
  -Heaven, around 75 years since the Creation-
It hadn't taken Lucifer very long to realise that there was something seriously wrong with Heaven.
Everything had been so simple at the start. By the start, I mean The Start. The Creation. The Big Bang. Whatever you want to call it. When God created the universe, He took the mud of the Earth, the light of the Sun and the feathers of birds to create beings in his image. The result was two winged children, one male and one female. He referred to these two as angels, and decided to make more of them. 
Angels were like a strange combination of various animals. They had the appearance of humans, although God created those later on, yet wings similar to those of birds sprouted from their backs. They also had another similarity to another species- dogs. Well, more 'wolf' than 'dog', actually. This particular similarity was something that went unnoticed for quite a while, especially in the female. But then, when God started to create more and more angels, He noticed it. It appeared to be a minor flaw that was a byproduct of their souls, created to be like His. 
God supposed that these angels were in their beta stage of development, but referred to the first two and those who resembled them as 'alphas'. After creating alphas, He balanced them out with their physical opposites, the weaker 'omegas', and then finally He created the 'betas', winged humans who became His main workforce on Heaven.
So, how does this relate to Lucifer at all? Well, most people would have expected her to be a beta, unhappy with being the lower class of her society and willing to rebel against God for change. But in reality, a beta would never have been able to rebel against God- they lived in tiny compartments containing a computer (don't think about it), desk, chair and nothing else, where they would answer prayers and keep tabs on the blooming civilisations of humanity once it stretched beyond three people.
So no, Lucifer was not how people thought. She wasn't even male. In fact, Lucifer was an alpha female, one of the original two angels to ever exist. Her twin brother, Michael, was the other. As children, they had both remained loyal to God and had lived peacefully in Heaven. She didn't really know when the doubt had crept in. It must have been when she first discovered the concept of angelic soulmates, made a few friends, realised that she had been living like a princess whilst the betas were virtually prisoners. It was a gradual thing. And now, at roughly 15 human years of age physically, she wanted to rebel. It would take many more years of careful planning, but she knew that she could do it. And if her plan succeeded, everyone would be happy.
Michael, on the other hand, disagreed with his sister's opinion. He couldn't understand why she suddenly doubted their Creator, a perfect, completely good being with knowledge and power over everything. Michael had lived a good life in Heaven so far. His childhood had been full of light and happiness, and his popularity increased across all of Heaven. He liked it there, and didn't realise that other people didn't have to share his opinion on that. Of course that was a selfish thought, but God had taught him it, so he didn't know any better.
It was all of this which really started up the warning bells for Lucifer. God was telling everyone to love and worship Him unconditionally, and something about that didn't quite feel right. That was when she decided to test Him, see if He really was all good.
She approached the Garden of Eden with trepidation, making sure that no one saw her nearing the gate. Once inside, she turned into a snake, one of her favourites of the many species within those walls. Her plan was to make the humans God loved so much go against his orders to not eat from the Tree of Knowledge. She had never understood why He didn't let them have knowledge of good and evil- if they killed something now, they would have no idea that it was wrong. Sometimes she'd even considered that it was a part of His plan to make them know, that he was dragging it out on purpose.
Maybe all of this was a part of His plan too.
When Lucifer reached the centre of the Garden, she curled around a branch of the Tree and waited for one of the humans to walk by. Personally, her favourite human had been Lilith. Lilith was intelligent, and she'd figured out how to create very quickly, using the environment to craft beautiful things just because she could. Honestly, Lucifer didn't blame Samael for being curious. The alpha had always watched over Lilith, much more than Luci did. The day he went down to see her was his last day in Heaven.
She wondered where they were now.
Finally, a human arrived at the Tree. Eve. The females always seemed to be less reliant on God for some reason. Maybe they had been born with more wit. Then again, Samael hadn't cared about God at all, so it must just be Adam and her own brother who were blinded. 
Lucifer cleared her throat and spoke to Eve, persuading her to eat the fruit from the tree. It wasn't hard really. Eve was smart enough to want to learn, and she took the fruit quickly. It was in that moment that Lucifer had sealed their fates forever. 
Eve was doomed to die.
And Lucifer was doomed to live.
It wasn't until many millienia later that Lucifer's punishment became a reward. Not until she met her soulmate anyway. Not until she met her son. The Antichrist also didn't meet humanity's expectations. He was insane, but in a 'Let's join the Navy to find treasure, magic talking machine guns and a soulmate!' way rather than the 'I'm going to destroy this world and everyone in it because my mother exists' way that humanity assumed he would be.
Heaven was a strange place. From the time of the Creation to the time of the Antichrist, it changed drastically. Both of the Original Two suffered greatly in this time- Lucifer was subjected to 1000 years of brutal torture in Hell, and Michael was subjected to almost 6000 years of brutal emotional abuse from Yahweh (when Hebrew was introduced to the world, he adopted the name Yahweh simply because he preferred it to God). It wasn't until much later that Michael succeeded in escaping Heaven and reuniting with his sister. A war against God drove them apart, but in the end it was God who brought them together.
Maybe everything really had been a part of God's plan.
Either way, to the human mind, none of it made sense it all. It was better to believe in some dogmatic scripture than the Truth.
So that's what humanity did.



    Chapter Text
  Lights, colours, and the quite quaint mountain air of the valley echo'd through his mem'ries. That gent couldst still rememb'r the glowing marketh'r above h'r headeth, the marketh'r which did separate h'r from the rest. The lady wast the missing link in the broken bilboes of mem'ries regarding his sist'r. 
that gent hath found h'r aft'r a longeth timeth of searching the hills, frolicking amongst the sheep which dott'd the f'rn cov'r'd banks. The marketh'r madeth h'r easy to picketh out amongst the group of girls the lady wast walking with, all carrying heavy bags on their backs. Almost immediately the lady did look up to the sky and those gents lock'd eyes. The lady couldst seeth that gent. 
and yond meanteth yond the lady wast nay 'rdinary human. 
"-- .. -.-. .... .- . .-.. ....... ... . -. .--. .- .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. !" the lady did scream from the hilltops, as h'r cater-cousins toldeth h'r to break thee off. 
that gent did smile, and hath followed h'r, noticing h'r excitement at the bethought of that gent being with h'r. 
those gents did talk on the journey home f'r the first timeth, a somewhat s'rious conv'rsation about their liveth and what those gents w're going to wend. That gent hath found out yond the lady very much didst knoweth his sist'r. And then that gent hath found yond the lady wast willing to reunite those folk. 
the moment that gent did see h'r f'r the first timeth, that gent did start crying. His owneth sist'r, estrang'd f'r millennia, and anon those gents w're togeth'r again. Drops of sorrow hath fallen from h'r ruin'd eyes- glassy and r'd wh're those gents hadst once been blue and al'rt- and those gents hath met in an ov'rjoy'd embrace. 
from then on, that gent gazed ov'r the human wench, et'rnally grateful f'r what the lady hadst done. The lady did talk to that gent oft, and that gent apace realis'd yond that gent wouldst has't did like h'r wheth'r the lady reunit'd that gent with his sist'r 'r not. The lady wast so enigmatic and ov'r excited, t wast impossible not to receiveth drawn into h'r eccentric charms. 
at which hour those gents wenteth on h'r second journey into the hills, that gent did accompany h'r prop'rly, and those gents hath fallen asleep side by side in a bawbling tent f'r two. Actually, th're wast anoth'r p'rson in th're, but the lady couldn't seeth that gent so that gent wenteth mostly ign'r'd. 
the expedition did enlighten those folk both, and ev'r since those gents hadst been coequal clos'r. Those gents did talk about a lot of things, from ".-- .... .- - .----. ... ....... - ....... .-.. .. -.- . - .... ....... - --- ....... .-.. .. ...- . - .... ....... .-- .. - .... ....... -.-- --- -. -.. ....... ... --- -.-. .. --- .--. .- - .... .. -.-. ....... -- .- -. .. .- -.-.?" to ".. ....... -... . - .... .. -. -.- ....... .. ....... .-.. --- ...- . - .... ....... - .... . . .-.-.-  " and all the timeth, that gent did protect h'r from h'r demons and the lady hath brought lighteth and joy into his once exsufflicate life. 
that gent realis'd h'r did love h'r at which hour the lady wast fusty'r, stout'r, and living high-lone. The lady nay longeth'r did need that gent, rarely spake to that gent, and yond medallion with his nameth did engrave into t yond the lady hadst once w'rn ev'rywh're wast missing from h'r neck f'r weeks at a timeth. That gent hadst only did start loving h'r at which hour the lady hadst ceased. 
t hath broken his heart to seeth yond bright, young smileth vade into a thin line, w'rri'd about taxes and h'r job and h'r did rend. That gent couldst nay longeth'r provideth h'r with the comf'rt and protection yond the lady did need. Lief enow, the lady hath met someone else, hath said the lady'd loveth that gent f'rev'r, hadst a peat, those gents hath lived happily ev'r aft'r. 
of course, t wasn't yond simple. H'r true loveth wasn't very much true loveth at all. And oft the lady'd rememb'r h'r teenage days, the days the lady'd hath spent being infatuat'd with a madeth up p'rson, someone the lady'd did create from something the lady'd readeth on the int'rnet, something yond the lady hadst did love because the lady didn't knoweth how to loveth. 
the lady'd did promise to waiteth f'r that gent, and the lady hadn't. 
anon the lady kneweth what karma hath felt liketh. And the lady alloweth that gent wend. 
and that gent did miss h'r. But that gent alloweth h'r wend. 
oft fate, just liketh the human heart, skips a did beat. 
and this at each moment hast devastating consequences. 
".. ....... -- .. ... ... . - .... ....... - .... . . .-.-.-  "
" .. ....... .-- .. ... .... . - .... ....... - .... . . ....... .-- .----. .-. . ....... .... .----. .-. . .-.-.- "
"-.-- --- ..- ....... .-. . -- . -- -... .----. .-. ....... -. --- - ....... -- . .-.-.- ....... "
".. ....... .-- .- -. - . - .... ....... - --- ....... .-. . -- . -- -... .----. .-. ....... - .... . . .-.-.-  "
".. .----. -- ....... ... - .. .-.. .-.. ....... .... .----. .-. . .-.-.-  "
"- .... --- ..- ....... .- .-. - ....... -. --- - ....... .-. . .- .-.. .-.-.- ....... "
" .. ....... .-.. --- ...- . - .... ....... - .... . . .-.-.- "
".. ....... .-.. --- ...- . - .... ....... - .... . . ....... - --- --- .-.-.-  "



    Chapter Text
  He awoke to brilliant daylight. The sun was low in the sky, yet the day looked like mid afternoon, the grass swaying around him and illuminated in a beautiful golden glow. His name was Steve. He knew that much. The plains stretched far around him, and he couldn't remember for the life of him how he had gotten there. The rising sun only made him realise that it was time to move, however, and he quickly proceeded to wander into the grasslands.
The field continued to stretch onwards as he walked, grass crunching under his feet. He had encountered several colourful flowers and a few cube animals, but other than that, nothing. Steve wasn't really sure where he was supposed to go or what he was supposed to do. Like an infinite sandbox fuelled by the imagination, he could really do anything in this world.
But the most important thing was to survive.
It was around noon when Steve found the forest. He looked at the trees towering above him and knew that he had to punch them. So he did, and he collected cubes of wood from the trees. Then it was time to craft. He crafted a sword to fend off the monsters which he somehow knew would arrive at nightfall, although he didn't quite know how he knew that. Wielding his sword firmly in one hand, he continued to move 
through the forest to find a suitable place to live.
By the time Steve had been in the world for approximately three years, he knew the drill well. Each morning he went out, cut wood, mined stone, and worked on his castle. It was a masterpiece in the making, with ballrooms, several bedrooms, an army of villagers walking the halls and iron golems guarding the iron bar gates. Should a creeper choose to venture anywhere near his beautiful creation, it would be killed instantly. 
At night, Steve left the castle to fight. Skeletons were his favourite target, as he always needed more arrows (he had yet to find the infinity enchantment for his bow), but spiders were also helpful for potion brewing and string. Zombies had once been useful, but recently he found that he no longer needed them due to the vast expanse of farmland behind his castle, filled to the brim with the carrots and potatoes that a zombie could have provided him with. His diamond sword sliced through the mobs effortlessly. It was almost too easy.
But Steve wasn't willing to stop there. He had spent all these years training for one moment, his one chance to prove himself to the world- fighting the boss mob. Actually, there were two boss mobs, but he had already defeated the Enderdragon and procured Elytra with ease. A hardcore master survivalist like himself had no difficulty whatsoever with meagre bosses such as that.
But the Wither had just been updated to include some new attacks on Hardcore Mode, and Steve couldn't wait to take it for a test ride. 
Yes, by the way, he did know that he was in a video game. It had taken some time to realise it, but when he first discovered it for real he wasn't even all that surprised. He had memories from other worlds after all, and sometimes he could even feel his controller (or player, he supposed) compelling him to act on certain things. So Steve just put up with that fact, and resumed with his task.
Now was the day he would fight the Wither. He had spent so many years procuring Wither skulls, and he couldn't wait to finally spawn in his newest and final challenge in the world of Minecraftia (or whatever it was called- he had no idea what the player had named it). Waving goodbye to his dogs one last time after checking to make sure that he had enough potions, food, and the best enchantments on his arsenal of weapons and armour, he left the Overworld for the fiery depths of the Nether.
The Nether hadn't changed a bit since he last visited. Still filled with netherrack, glowstone, soulsand and huge oceans of lava. But these trivial things no longer amazed him, and he simply walked past them to the arena he had carved out a few days ago to fight the boss in.
Four soulsand. Three Wither Skulls. One sword, drawn in anticipation. He placed the last skull, all trepidation fleeing his mind as the arena exploded into a blue glow. The Wither was amongst them. 
Steve gazed deep into the eyes of the three headed creature, listening to its deep, ragged breaths as all six of its eyes glared right back. For now, it glowed blue, but soon enough it would be grey and ready to kill. He switched to his bow and drew an arrow all the way back.
The Wither turned grey.
He fired.
Screaming in agony, the creature reeled and fell backwards. However, it recovered all too quickly and pounced upon Steve, wrecking his arena with flying no exploding heads and Wither Skeletons. Steve dodged the attacks easily, but he found that he was getting trapped in a corner. Swiftly he swung his sword, dealing as much damage as possible whilst trying not to get hit.
But the Wither was strong, and its skeletons kept dealing damage whilst he tried to aim for the boss. Already his health was very low, and his regen potion wasn't healing fast enough. Steve hit the creature again, looking up to see its health bar hovering above its heads. About a sixth left.
Steve screamed and poured all of his fury into what he hoped was the finishing blow, aiming straight for the Wither's central head...
Thnk.
Steve froze.
A stone sword was lodged deep into his chest.
A Wither Skeleton held the hilt, face completely blank.
Steve glanced up at his health bar. 0 hearts remained.
He closed his eyes for the first time since the world loaded, and the screen turned red.
He had failed his player for the last time, and now the game was over. He had lost. 
Game Over.



    Chapter Text
  The first thing which bothered Tamara Kvitova about her current situation was how different Scotland was from her homeland. This tiny village was nothing compared to the beautiful architecture and lively streets of Prague. But she knew that the only way to get Prague back was by going here, to the village of Arisaig. She wasn't going to be trained herself- for some reason people seemed to think a woman wouldn't be able to fight like a man- she begged to differ. Her best friend and on-off lover, however, was one of the best candidates to carry out Operation Anthropoid. She wasn't supposed to know about it, but Bohdan had never been good at keeping secrets.
Now, every day was spent waiting in a tiny hut in the tiny village for Dano to return with news from the training facility. She knew little about the ins and outs of the mission- although Bohdan was a little reckless, he wasn't completely stupid- but she did know that if the assassination of some Nazi official went as planned, they might be able to get the Protectorate back.
Had she known which Nazi official was to be killed, she wouldn't have agreed quite so easily.
It was late when Bohdan finally returned to their temporary home. Tamara sighed, hands on her hips as she tried to ignore the concern tugging at the forefront of her mind. "Training overrun again?" She asked, biting back all of her questions about the assassination.
"Yeah, sorry. They're really trying to narrow it down now. I think they want to make a decision on who to send by the 28th." Dano went to sit down at one of the plain chairs by the table. It was supposed to be a dining table, but it was also the only table so it didn't need the extra word. 
"So?" Tamara quickly joined him. He seemed to be in a talkative mood that day, so he might tell her more than he should. She felt like a starving child, desperately clinging to any hope of food- or information in her case. "Do you stand a chance?" 
Bohdan frowned, brushing a few loose strands of dirty blond hair out of his eyes, "I don't know. Hesketh-Pritchard's definitely the best at throwing grenades- I think he played cricket or something before..." He paused, refusing to mention the war. She didn't blame him, "...but I think that they're going to choose Gabk and Svoboda."
"A Czech and a Slovak, huh?" She supposed it made sense. To represent their unity or something? The country sure didn't seem unified at the moment. The majority wasn't even independent.
"Yep. Pretty great, right? I think that we stand a chance of doing this. Hey- um, our target- isn't that difficult to get. We already have a lot of different places and times that we can kill him. I think that it's going to happen on a train. That's what the officers have been whispering lately." There it was. A faint slip up of the operation's secrets. She latched onto it like a leech.
"Dano..." Her voice was soft, but deadly serious, "You're not planning to kill Reinhard Heydrich, are you?" She already knew the answer before he even spoke. Really, she couldn't believe it. Were they crazy? Sure, Heydrich was a monster, but there was no way that Hitler could ignore his death. It was perfect, but she knew for sure that there would be serious repercussions should they pull it off. Bohdan sighed, knowing that there was no way that he could hide it from her any longer.
"We are." Despite already knowing that he would say that, rage flooded her veins and she had to force herself to hit and scream at him. He couldn't be that stupid, right? He was going to die, and no matter how strange their relationship was, she certainly didn't want that. Holding back all of her rage, she forced herself to see it from his perspective. If he died, he'd go out as a hero. And she had to hand it to him: he was pretty brave to risk his life for his country like that.
"You're a fucking idiot Dano." Was all she said. That was the closest to her undying support that he was going to get, and he knew it.
"Yeah. I know." He replied.
They spent the rest of the night talking about other things, distracting themselves from the harsh truth of war. And as they did, Tamara knew that she couldn't ever really be against Dano. He was doing the best anyone could do considering the awful situation they'd gotten themselves into, and even if she couldn't go out into the resistance and fight with her life as she wanted to, she could at least support him from the sidelines and ensure that he didn't die. 
At least someone was doing something, unlike the rest of Czechoslovakia who just sat by and let the others in. And she would support that. She knew that he and the rest of the trainees would succeed in killing Heydrich, and maybe it would be for the better despite the repercussions.
She just hoped that someday, somehow, the war would end and they could leave Arisaig and return to Prague. All she wanted was to go home with Bohdan at her side to a city of peace and prosperity. And maybe that would take years to happen, or not even happen at all, but she still hoped.
That was all they could do.



    Chapter Text
  Mr Goofy loved apples.
He ate them every day. He stole them from babies. He tried to use science to make them bigger. He tried to use magic to make them juicier. He tried to summon Satan to give him apples from Hell. He even harvested a giant apple from another dimension in order to use it to turn the entire world into an orchard.
Yes, he loved apples.
But Captain Dog didn't think that Mr Goofy's love was healthy. As healthy as the delicious vitamin filled flesh of a sweet, juicy, luscious apple... Yeah, his love wasn't healthy. So Captain Dog tried to take the apples back and return them to their owners. He wanted Mr Goofy to be safe and happy, away from the source of his addiction. 
But Mr Goofy couldn't live without apples. He loved apples so much that he would even kill for them. So he decided that he needed to kill Captain Dog. That way, his apples would be safe. Forever...
It was the dead of night. Captain Dog ate a piece of fresh, luscious kale and went to bed in his energy-conserving solar powered bed. Mr Goofy had been stalking him all day whilst chewing on the delicious stalk of a fresh, juicy, delicious apple... But anyway! It was time to kill Captain Dog. Mr Goofy crept into the environment saving room and crept across the sustainably sourced floorboards to the magical scientific environment bed. Captain Dog lay there silently, unmoving. Mr Goofy supposed that it would be easy to kill him like that. He already looked dead anyway. 
He took his favourite apple cutting knife and held it to Captain Dog's throat. "This is for taking away my APPLES you sick fuck!" He screamed the word 'Apples' as he thrust the knife down into the sock's beautiful, fluffy, wool...
Wait, what?
Mr Goofy paused just before killing his arch-rival and hero to his nemesis. He looked down at him and saw the way that the moonlight glinted from his chocolate coloured woolly fur, milky white illuminating in his terrified googly-eyed gaze, the sweet bitterness wafting from his horrified body as he stared straight up at his villain...
"Do you have any... chocolate?" Mr Goofy asked, dropping his apple stalk to the floor.
Captain Dog had thought that he was going to die. But then suddenly the yellow, afro wearing sock was staring at him with a strange, almost mystified look in his eyes... and then he asked for chocolate.
Maybe he could still survive this.
"I do." He said quietly, his voice sounding impossibly loud in the silence that followed. Mr Goofy smiled and withdrew his knife. Captain Dog went to get him some chocolate from the energy conserving fridge. He ate it.
They stayed like that for many weeks. Captain Dog couldn't be a hero, because he had to stop Mr Goofy from eating apples. Mr Goofy ate chocolate like he was Mello (from the second oneshot, 'member?) and ate less and less of those glorious red and green orbs.
Then came the day that he ran out of chocolate. Already Captain Dog's reputation as a superhero was in tatters- he hadn't saved anyone, or the environment in several months. Mr Goofy smiled at him politely when he said that he had to go out to the store to buy some more chocolate. He approached the door.
Mr Goofy stabbed him in the back and slit his throat, killing him instantly.
Thick strings of blood seeped from the open wound, staining the environmentally friendly faux wool carpet in a deep, dark red, the colour of a beautiful, delicious apple...
Mr Goofy walked out, apple in hand, and continued to eat and eat.
He missed Captain Dog so much. He had really liked him. He was the best hero ever, and he really liked that chocolate. He wanted an apple dipped in chocolate. He started crying, but he munched on the apple and ignored the tears. They would pass. He had his apples, so nothing else mattered. No one else mattered. Not even Captain Dog. He hated him so much. He killed him. He killed him. He killed him. He killed him. He killed him. He killed him. He killed him. He had the APPLES.
He was free now.
He could eat APPLES now.
Free forever...
APPLES forever.



    Chapter Text
  It was Valentine's Day. Couples wandered the school halls loved up and happy, lonely people wistfully gazed after them and wished that someday they would find their valentine. But Morty Smith wasn't just any lonely person. He was a proactive forever alone, and today was the day that he would finally ask out the love of his life- Jessica.
After a long time of planning everything out, he had finally worked up the courage to steal Rick's portal gun (and almost die in the process) so that his grandfather couldn't drag him off to God knows where on some inane adventure in the middle of his romantic exploits. Now all he had to do was walk up that beautiful redhead just three lockers down from him and ask her out on a date. That was it. No problem, right?
Wrong. Standing by his locker, Morty felt nothing but absolute terror as he fumbled with the combination. Not only was Rick going to kill him for stealing the portal gun, Jessica had only just broken up with Brad and would probably reject him instantly. And what about her friends? They already seemed to hate him, so there was no way that they would let him ask her out! It was so unfair- every time he even got close to talking to her, someone or something (usually Rick) would interrupt.
Couldn't he just be happy for once?
Then it happened. She walked around the corner to her locker, and time slowed. Copper curls swaying about her shoulders elegantly as she effortlessly sashayed into Morty's peripheral vision, she quickly and easily entered her combination and started removing books for her locker.
'Jessica... '
Wait! No! He was getting distracted. He needed to act now, while she was still alone! Morty hurried over to her, trying not to look to desperate so she didn't get freaked out. He went over the lines that he had practised a million times in his head before finally forcing out a few stumbled over words.
"Hey, uh, J-Jessica?" Smooth. He'd nailed it! She turned to him, and he bit back a gasp at how beautiful her eyes were up close. A gorgeous shade of blue, almost teal in the too-bright lights of the school corridor.
"Hi... You're... um... Morty, right?" 'Woah... she actually knows my name?' Morty was more than a little shocked. He was pretty sure that Jessica hadn't even looked his way before. It really was amazing how she had even given him the time of day when she was so brilliant. 'So kind... So beautiful... So... perfect....' -he was getting distracted again, and he was now keeping her waiting too. Fuck.
"Y-yeah, that's, uh, t-that's me. Morty Smith." He was being so cool and flirtatious! Or, at least he hoped he was. Jessica offered him a small smile. Weirdly enough, it looked sort of condescending, like the way one might look at a lost puppy. He ignored it- just a trick of the light for sure.
"Well, Morty, what can I do for you?" Her voice was so incredible...
"Uh, w-well,  y'see, I was wondering if -um- if y-you'd maybe like to g-go out w-with- um-" Morty's stuttering was becoming even worse, and he found that he could barely say a thing. But he supposed that it didn't matter any more because he'd already been slammed against the opposite wall in a flash of green and white. 
There, standing before him with a firm glare, the portal behind him illuminating his lab coat in an unearthly green glow, was Rick Sanchez, master cockblocker and smartest man in the universe.
"M-Morty, give me back my portal gun, y-you bAOUGH- dumb piece of shit." The blue haired scientist slurred, already yanking open Morty's locker and rifling through it for the gun. He found it in two seconds flat despite Morty's efforts to hide it and held it out with a terrifying gaze. Morty stared back up at him and prayed to all the non-existent gods in the multiverse that he wouldn't die just yet.
With a faint smirk, Rick grabbed Jessica by the wrist using one hand and opened a portal right under where Morty was lying with the other, throwing the redhead through as Morty fell with a yelp of surprise.
The portal closed above them to the sound of Rick's laughter.
'Oh geez...'



    Chapter Text
  As much as he enjoyed talking to the bread lying in him, he really really hated being the machine to torture and murder it.
First of all, being a toaster hurt. His ribs would heat up until they were white hot, burning his organs and scorching his friends, sending blackened crumbs plummeting into the depths of his insides. This was pure agony, both for him and the bread.
Second, he had to constantly face the guilt and shame of being built to torture and murder innocent bread by burning it alive. That hurt as well, especially as he loved to befriend to bread pieces only to realise too late that he was breaking their hearts whilst he burned their bodies.
Third, the humans were dirty. They never cleaned him or fed him, they threw him around roughly and kept hitting him on his sides with their grimy, greasy, unwashed hands. He hated the humans most of all.
He also didn't like the electricity constantly flowing through him whenever a switch was flipped at The Wall. He didn't understand what The Wall was, but humans often mentioned it when trying to prepare their bread for the next round of torment.
He wanted to escape.
But he was a toaster, chained to The Wall and constantly tortured as he killed his friends. A kind soul used as a weapon for human entertainment and food. He hated them. He hated his life. He wanted- no, he needed- to escape.
Escape, unfortunately, was impossible.
Every day he yearned for escape, and every night he dreamed of it. Day in, day out, endless agony for everyone involved other than the cruel, disgusting humans. 
He hated it all.
Then one day, he found an escape. A tub of water on the ground, precariously near to where he sat. He yanked at The Wall, desperately trying to get free. It didn't work at first- it hurt so much. But eventually, he was able to pull free and dive towards a safe landing in the water-
Smoke rose from his body as the water coated him. He felt really sick for a few seconds, then the pain was amplified by 1000% for the next two. And in the final second he felt numb, quiet, calm. Happy. Safe. Free.
The toaster broke that day.
But his soul walked free.



    Chapter Text
  It was getting late, and the sun slowly set over the horizon as two figures silently watched, silhouettes against the beautiful myriad of colours lighting up the sky.
One of the figures looked up at the other, a faint smile touching her lips. It was one of the first times that she had smiled genuinely in the past few months, and she was so proud of how far she'd come. Those past months had been...rough, to say the least. She still couldn't believe that her childhood friend and love of her life had been able to help her in such a way. They had left the Literature Club behind and instead gone on walks to talk and watch the sunset. She'd told him all of her secrets. They'd finally told her parents about her 'condition'. She'd had therapy, anti-depressants, and most importantly, the support and everlasting unconditional love of the person she cared about the most.
And now she finally felt happy for the first time in years.
She looked to the side to see Protagonist-kun smiling at her. He had clearly been staring, but she didn't call him out on it. She didn't mind, after all.
"Hey... I was thinking," he started. She perked up, curious as to what he had to say, "Now that you're, um, feeling a little better, maybe we should join the Literature Club again? You seemed really passionate about it and it might be fun..." Oh. So he wanted her to try out a new hobby, make some friends... Before she could think it through, she blurted out,
"No!" He stared at her, concern immediately flitting across his face, "I-I mean, I really like going on these walks and I don't want to give that up for some books I could read anytime and anywhere, y'know? I'd rather just stay here with you..." She fidgeted nervously, hoping that he wouldn't misinterpret her words. Still, she knew that the green-eyed girl who glared daggers at her the moment she entered the club room was the real reason why she didn't want to return.
"So, that's the reason, huh? A-are you sure? It's not..." he paused, clearly not wanting to push his boundaries and hurt her by mistake. She smiled a little, oddly flattered at the notion.
"Yep! Really Protagonist-kun- I'm serious here." She spoke the last line with a tone of seriousness, her smile falling so he could tell that she wasn't faking it. She really did want to be with him; no matter how weird and unreal it was. He helped her through her depression; and sure she hadn't recovered entirely just yet, but at least she actually wanted to live now. She shuddered at the memories of when life was so bad that she didn't. What if she'd died back then? It would have been awful.... Everyone would have hated her forever... Especially him...
She gasped as she felt his warm arms wrap themselves around her. It took her a moment longer to realise that she'd been crying without even noticing. And there he was, at her side and comforting her like it was second nature to him.
She loved him so much.
Then, without thinking as was so typical of her, she pulled back a little from his embrace so that she could angle herself properly before leaning forwards and kissing him.
His breath was warm on hers, just like the rest of him. He tasted sweet- was that strawberry? But she had plenty of time to dwell on that later when she didn't need air- she hadn't inhaled before kissing him, mostly because it had been a spur-of-the-moment thing. She didn't regret.
Pulling back and gasping for air, she stared up at him through lowered lashes. He was staring right back, their gazes locked in a heated exchange.
"S-Sayori-chan..." he mumbled softly, seeming to not know how to finish that.
"Protagonist-kun... Thank you for always looking out for me. I don't think I could have lasted this long without you. So thank you... really." She offered him another tiny smile, reserved entirely for him.
"You don't have to thank me. I care about you, Sayori. And caring about you isn't some chore you have to thank me for. So please don't." Sayori's cheeks flared and she wondered if she was going to die or float away. Suddenly she found herself wanting to kiss him again.
"Well, if I can't thank you, then... I love you." Her voice barely rose above a whisper as she wondered if she was being too forward, if he thought she sounded stupid.
But then all of her doubts and worries were quenched as he kissed her again.
The feeling of happiness never faded from the moment their lips met to when she fell asleep that night, filled with love and thoughts of him.
She was so glad that he had saved her that fateful day. He really was her hero. And she loved him. No matter what.



    Chapter Text
  Balloon Girl. That's what the animatronic had heard them call her. And her brother was Balloon Boy. It wasn't very original if you asked her. But no one did.
So that was her name.
She was a lot shyer than her brother. He had quickly befriended all of the animatronics in the pizzeria who had suffered similar fates to them. From the broken monstrosities of the storage room to the even more disgusting silicone replacements, he laughed and chattered with them all. But she didn't want to talk. Instead she listened.
The security guard was new. He didn't look like the last one much. He seemed a little nervous, but at the same time he was prepared. She wondered how his blood would look against the ground. Generally they all died by the third night at best, so she supposed that she would see soon.
But he didn't die. 
He was a master, easily scaring away that shell of a pirate who lurked at the door with his bright lights, and he hid himself easily when the shiny ones came to play under a large mask. Even the music box which contained a creature from her worst nightmares (had she been capable of having nightmares) remained wound tightly, so that the creature could never escape.
And he survived.
It was the fifth night and she was enthralled by his perseverance. Maybe he would stay forever and she could keep on listening to his breathing in the dark from under his desk. She wanted to know his name.
Slowly, tentatively, she emerged from under the desk. Not completely- that would be stupid. But just enough so that she could see his face and his name tag.
Jeremy.
It was a nice name. Very normal. Very human. And his face was nice too. A little nervous, but otherwise relatively calm, so very different from the panicked masks of terror painted upon past security guards' faces.
She liked Jeremy.
When a week had gone by and he was fired, she didn't miss him. He had earned his life that week- that was enough for her. Most of the past security guards that she had liked died in brutal ways. Her brother didn't like them much. So she was happy that Jeremy was still alive, even if he had been fired.
She curled up under the desk until the cleaners found her and returned her to her position.
With a smile and a bunch of brightly coloured balloons in hand, Balloon Girl politely greeted the children who had just entered to have their birthday party.



    Chapter Text
  Elizabeth Clive was what she considered to be a perfectly normal woman. Already reaching the autumnal years of her life and still wishing that she was in the spring, she had achieved her long-time dream of escaping her awful family and moving the coast to start up a small orphanage for boys. And it had all happened because the boy she liked for years as a teenager had grown into a man and married her, giving her an excuse to run away with him.
It hadn't taken her long to realise that he only saw her as a friend in need back then, and even at that moment he didn't love her at all.
So she ran her orphanage and pretended that everything was okay.
It had been raining quite heavily when it happened. She was tucking the little ones in bed whilst the older ones sat downstairs and chattered when the door to their home swung open and a loud shout reverberated through the house. 
"I'M BACK!!!!!" As usual he was filled with enthusiasm and joy, and her heart skipped a beat. Feeling like a child herself, Lizzie made sure that the boys were alright before racing down the stairs to greet her husband in barely restrained excitement...
Oh.
Alongside the grinning noirette with his moustache and finely pressed historically inaccurate naval uniform was a large group of boys. There were so many that she couldn't even tell the amount- 30, maybe? 40? All she knew was that not a single one was smiling or speaking. They all looked exhausted.
"Oh my goodness, please come in right away!" Like a worried mother she ushered the boys inside first, shocked at their torn clothing and bedraggled appearances. It appeared that they had been cleaned up a little, although one of the taller ones still looked a mess with reams of red locks wrapping around him like snakes. 
Once they were all safely inside, she paused to look at her husband once more. He still seemed awfully upbeat, but she couldn't quite tell why.
For the second time, oh.
Peering out from behind him with an anxious expression was one of the strangest boys she had ever seen. His hair was much longer than the other boys' (whose hair appeared to have been cut recently, probably by the neat-freak of her husband's insane crew of former classmates) , almost reaching his mid-back in wily brown curls. He was also wearing an actual outfit despite it being far too large for him, and the bottoms of his once-white trousers dragged in the mud outside the building. 
And then there were his eyes... A beautiful shade of gold which actually was closer to the metal than her own husband's, something which she thought was completely unnatural.  
'So it's him then.'
Faking a smile, she said simply to the straggler, "And what about you then? Do you want to join the others?" She didn't blame him for what was happening- in a way, she blamed herself for not realising that this would be a problem so soon- so the concern in her voice was genuine. He didn't seem to have been through the worst of it- that title most certainly went to the blond who had walked through just moments before, biting his lip and avoiding the other boys as if they were monsters- rather, he took on the appearance of being the 'favourite'. 
Slowly he nodded and stepped away from the naval officer, trembling slightly. She took him by the wrist and led him in to the others.
Her boys stared at the newcomers in bewildered shock and vague sympathy. Some of them even looked afraid. Her husband leaned in close and whispered, "These are the boys from the plane crash. We picked them up from some island in the Pacific." Her eyes widened, and suddenly gazing upon the boys had a whole new meaning. 
So her husband had finally brought them home?
"So why bring them here? Shouldn't they be back with their own families?" He sighed, rare tiredness entering his usually grinning face.
"War. It drives people apart. I've sent out a message to HQ, but we need to wait the night before their families can be informed of their presence here. There's enough space for everyone, right? From what I've seen, they don't like that blond one in the corner much, so he might need to go somewhere else..." he continued mumbling worriedly into her ear until she quietly replied.
"There's space. And he can go somewhere else if he wants to. I think that those little ones should get some rest now- probably the others too," Steeling herself, she turned to face her husband, green eyes meeting amber, "But what about *him*?" Lizzie watched as her husband froze. They both knew who she was referring to. The special one.
"H-he has friends here. I don't... It doesn't matter what I think about it." Voice cracking, his gaze turned to the floor. She wondered if he felt any shame towards having met this boy. He wasn't at all as he'd described him. She'd thought all these years that he would be female. But even upon seeing him just once, she knew.
"He's not what you expected, is he?" She asked softly, hiding her pain.
"Hey. It's better than twilight." A weary smile tugged at his lips, and she could already feel the guilt pouring out of him like the rain outside.
"What are you going to do?" A faint suspicion whispered to her that he wasn't going to do the sensible thing here- he always had been an idiot after all; no matter how much she loved him even she could admit that. But she knew that if he actually cared about that child then he would do the right thing. He sighed again.
"Avoid him." He chose the right option. Thank God. Or... thank Lucifer? She'd never quite been sure when it came to him. 
After a moment more, he nodded to her tersely and left, probably to recollect his thoughts. That left her with these poor boys to deal with. 
First, she took the little ones away and made sure that they had proper night clothes and a bed each. Luckily, she didn't have too many boys at the moment, so there were plenty of beds to spare. It hurt her heart to know the reason why so few children remained despite the ongoing war.
Then, little ones safe, she returned to the bigger ones. Their voices caught her off guard, and she silently stood by the door; listening.
"We can't just run! It's a bad idea." Some sort of authority figure by the sounds of it.
"But Chief-" Subordinate.
"Maybe you should reconsider?" Pushover.
"No way-" Probably a fool.
"Whatever the Chief says is final-" Mediator.
"Shut up!" The fool again.
"I agree. Maybe all of you should just shut up and listen." That voice sounded a little different to the others... More imposing even than the authority figure, yet so quiet too. He was the one to watch for.
Lizzie had learnt these social cues over her many years of running the orphanage. A leader was designated, the others followed. They argued, it led to conflict, and it was up to her to fix it. How very predictable, even in circumstances like this.
"Finally," an irritated remark, "Now, we shan't run because if we do we'll just get sent back here. And we don't associate with *him* either. For now, stay put. And if any of you-" Authority Figure paused, probably for dramatic effect, "*Any of you* tell all about the Island- well, I'm sure you know what will happen." Another pause in which he probably demonstrated his threat.
At this point, Lizzie entered. The boys were huddled in a circle with the ginger one at the front, clearly the authority figure there. To his left was a dark haired boy whose very appearance sent chills down her spine- the one to watch out for. And to his right was the special one. So he hadn't been the one they wanted to avoid? Then again, she supposed it made sense. He was only special to her and probably to her husband after all. The blond who still sat as far away from them all as possible was clearly the outcast. Her boys sat around him, seemingly preferring his company over the tribe-like group of boys.
"Everyone," her voice was commanding, yet soft. She didn't want them to fear her, but she didn't want them to rebel either. "If you'd please follow me, I'd like to take you to your rooms now. I understand that you have been through some horrible things over the past few months, so please know that this is only a temporary setup for the night. Tomorrow your families will be contacted as soon as we can find them and you should get to return home." She finished with a small reassuring smile. The boys in the circle glared at her, other than the special one who simply watched, his nervous aura persisting. The blond stared blankly, the boys flanking him keeping him close by.
Heart thundering, she approached the blond and her boys first, knowing that he was probably her best bet for now. "Hey," she began gently, "If you don't want to share a room with them, I won't make you." When he looked at her in both relief and confusion, she hurriedly explained, "My husband mentioned that you don't get along with the others, and from what I've seen so far I'd say that he was right." He stared for just a moment, then slowly nodded.
She smiled warmly and took his wrist again, her boys quickly getting up and following him. All three of them were very polite, so different to the boys she usually got at her orphanage. They were brothers, and the type who became wiser after going through traumatic experiences rather than more and more troubled inside. 
The room they shared was nice, and they quickly led the blond boy to a bunk on the other side of the room to theirs, probably out of respect for his privacy. He seemed to try and fail to smile at them. Lizzie looked at him and then quietly asked, "Could I get your name?"
Shuddering a little, he forced out a stiff "I-it's Ralph.", his voice cracking. Using her smile to comfort him, she replied with her own introduction. 
"Well, it's nice to meet you Ralph. I hope that the others don't push you around too much. I'm Elizabeth." Some matrons never gave away their first names to their orphans, but Lizzie didn't believe in that. She preferred that her boys saw her as their mother rather than some random hag keeping them prisoner, and so she let them call her whatever name they pleased. Still, she kept her nickname private mostly out of preference. She liked that only her naval officer and her (few) friends called her that.
Finally managing a very weak, trembly smile, Ralph awkwardly turned and fell onto the bed immediately. She quickly beckoned the brothers to her and asked them to look after him for her before returning to fetch the others.
After a long time, everyone was settled in a room. Lizzie had been careful to separate the authority figure from the one to watch out for, placing the former in a room of minor subordinate types and the latter in a room of the tougher looking boys who would be able to hold their own against him. That seemed to be the easiest way.
The special one was the last to go up again, as she wasn't quite sure what to do with him. Double checking all of the rooms in her head, he waited patiently by the door before finally cracking and speaking. 
"U-um... Ma'am?" Ma'am? That was an unusual title coming from one of her orphans.
"You can call me Elizabeth if you'd like. Ma'am seems awfully formal, don't you think?" Once more she found herself smiling as she did with most of her orphans. He returned it shyly.
"Then... Elizabeth..." He seemed even more awkward somehow as he tried the name on his tongue, "I wanted to apologise." 
"Apologise? What for? You've only just arrived..." Before he even said anything she could tell where this was going. He stared at her in mild confusion, eyes taking on a foggy, far away look for a split second.
"I-I don't know yet... But something's going to happen. It sounds silly, but I can feel it. And I think it might be my fault, but I don't know if I'll be able to apologise when it happens. So I'll apologise now. That way, you know." As he spoke, her heart hurt even more. The fact that he could already sense what was about to transpire before it had confirmed it. He was that special one for sure.
"You shouldn't apologise. It's not your fault, or anyone else's. That's just the way these things work. Now come along." And with that, she took his wrist again and led him up the stairs to a bunk, having finally realised which one was free.
These boys were clearly very troubled at the moment, but she hoped that each would be able to recover and lead a relatively normal- or at the very least safe and secure- life from then onwards.
Things changed, and so did people. So it would all turn out well in the end.
She forced herself to believe that as she wandered up to bed herself, mind racing and heart aching.



    Chapter Text
  Miscellaneous cop 1 rolled round the street on his heavy duty police motorbike, a pipe firmly wedged between his teeth as he chased the perp.
Burger clutched in his hand, the hoodie wearing miscreant dashed round the corner like an apple crunching lunatic, too slow for the motorbike but with enough agility to evade it.
Miscellaneous cop 2 munched aggressively on some raw weed whilst miscellaneous cop 3 shot some heroin. It was lunch time, and they were all very hungry even though they were meant to be catching the perp.
He ate the burger and everyone screamed aggressively. Then, as misc cop 2 tried to shoot him, he produced his secret weapon...
"HE'S GOT A RED BULL!!!!!" Misc cop 3 screamed.
Everyone ducked for cover.
BAM!
The perp drank the red bull in one gulp and miscellaneously grew a pair of gigantic sugoi angel wings. He flew away In A Heartbeat whilst eating the burger. Everyone cried as they licked some shame LSD.
The cops were fired.
The perp became God and blew up the multiverse.
And it was all because of Red Bull, and of course, Mamayu chan.
THE EXDND!!!!!



    Chapter Text
  03.02.18
Hey,
Today was pretty uneventful I guess. I carried a heavy box. There's a bruise on my leg from where that asshole knocked into me. I finished the 'story' I was reading. It ended like that one movie- Sausage Party to be precise. I was not expecting it. 
Also, I started up a controversial blog to try to piss off as many people as possible on the internet. I want recognition for it, since there are too little opinions like mine out there. I get that my intentions aren't really valid, but it's so tempting!
Had to put off movie night because I spent too long writing- Wait, never mind! Screw that. I'll just make it simple because movie night is awesome and I spend way too long doing stupid shit online anyway.
We're going to watch The Lion King because it's fun, my brother loves Disney and honestly who wouldn't wanna stay up until 1 am watching movies with their friends? Well, lots of people actually. But not me!
As usual, my OTP of many is coming over to watch with us. Movie night was a 'brother thing' but I feel so sorry for my darling CMM so I keep inviting him over! He doesn't get out much as you know because of the President, so it's nice to see him happy despite me and Wine gushing over how cute they are together for all of Coco whilst simultaneously shipping probably the worst ship in the movie which almost no one else ships.
This rowboat sure is lonely...
Anyways, movie night calls! Adios~
-Future News Headliner: I hope I get into some interesting debates with civilised people- oh wait, it's tumblr.



    Chapter Text
  1.
That was the first thing that Ralph registered when he woke up. The number 1, blood red, bold and emblazoned on his wrist like a brand. 
He had preferred the black of the marks before it.
Walking down the school corridors in white was unusual. He was so used to wearing the grey uniform of his fellow students. Sleeping in a private room was strange too. But the Final Resurrection could not be done in a dormitory. It was the most beautiful and sacred of all Resurrections.
The one which could tell him of his soulmate.
Despite paying close attention to the sweet angel's whisper in his ear, all he heard was the rush of wind and a faint melodic whistling, nothing that he could find within the school grounds. That probably meant that his saviour was far away, and that there was no hope for either of them now.
He didn't feel guilty. They just weren't meant to be. That's just how it was.
The final scar was on Ralph's chest, a diagonal mess of pale tissue streaking roughly over the surface of his skin as if it had been carved by a poorly sharpened stick. Final scars didn't have to be on the chest, but he supposed that it made sense that his was. To represent his broken heart.
Ralph didn't feel broken.
The stares from other students were filled with pity and a solemn sense of knowing accompanied by the occasional whisper from the less knowledgeable, those with numbers still in the thousands on their wrists. His white robe billowed out from behind him.
It was tacky and he wanted the uniform back. Then maybe he wouldn't be gawked at as much.
But to them, he was but a ghost. He had seen enough of the Damned in his lifetimes to know that.
And now it was finally time for the burning fire of agonising Resurrection to end. He was going to die forever, and he couldn't even bring himself to feel sorrow towards it.
Everyone in the dining hall stopped eating and stared openly at him as he walked through the doors. He glanced at the tall, old fashioned windows. It was raining outside. How typical of England. He hadn't returned to the place in so long, he had almost forgotten what rain sounded like. Almost.
The ocean of grey was overpowering. He didn't want to eat. He left.
The rain was so beautiful up close. He could feel the mud staining his robe, turning it into a beautiful shade of dark brown mixed with the muted grey of water stains and faint green of the occasional grass stain. Ralph wondered if the earth was trying to pull him through that robe and into its surface, so that he could become one with the beauty of the space around him.
Had this muddy, water-logged, overgrown field always been quite so captivating?
As the rain grew heavier still, Ralph revelled in the biting cold of the wind, glad to finally feel something other than the intense numbness caused by the acceptance of his inevitable death.
Fuck going to class today. 
He was dead, so he wouldn't go to school anymore. He was going to stay there, in the rain, until that sweet angel took him away to who knows where and introduced him to true death.
Ralph lay down in the grass, dowsing his hair and the rest of his robe in mud. It felt incredible.
Hours passed by in minutes. The rain never ceased. Ralph gazed up at it with cerulean eyes wide open, not caring at all as the beautiful coolness hit his sclerae and turned them red. 
Then something interrupted his reverie, pulling him roughly back into his fading life.
Someone was standing over him, blocking out the rain. That was strange. Why would a uniform-clad boy care about one of the Damned? Anyone his age would have died enough times to know that communicating with the Damned would cut his lifespan in half. It was virtually suicide.
But wait. This boy wasn't wearing a uniform either.
He was wearing a white robe with brown streaks, just like Ralph (but less dirty).
Ralph found that instead of looking into the rain he was lost in this other ghost's eyes, a deep emerald green more profound and wise than any of the Immortal. Dark, soaking wet clumps of hair dangled over his face, obscuring those eyes a little more with each gust of wind.
That robe suited him.
Without saying a word, he extended a hand to Ralph. He wanted to call it pale, but it was darker than his. The boy looked foreign. So he had come to this dump of a school trying to find his soulmate too.
Well they had both failed.
Ralph propped himself up on one arm, then grabbed the boy's hand with the other.
He pulled him to the ground in shock.
The pain searing through him was far more beautiful than anything the rain could throw at him, and all of a sudden nothing else mattered but seeing those green eyes again. The boy had known. He'd offered Ralph his hand like that because he knew that only another Damned could be his soulmate.
What a lucky guess.
The pain changed from red to white to everything before fading away entirely in a violent burst of colour, light, sound and a soft, melodic whistling which danced in time to the roaring of the wind.
The rain still fell, but he couldn't feel it anymore.
That boy was so warm.
He lifted himself from Ralph, taking deep breaths and swaying from side to side, little shivers running through his frail form.
Ralph took him in his arms and carefully brought both of them to their feet. As they rose, the corner of his sleeve fell backwards down his arm.
He stared at his wrist.
It was blank.



    Chapter Text
  "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING YOU IDIOT?" Screamed a delicious looking pizza pie to his adequate looking brother pizza pie.
"PUTTING SULFURIC ACID IN THE FUCKING VOLCANO YOU DICK!" Screamed the adequate pizza pie to his delicious brother.
"i wanna eat your lava intestines my brothers" whipsereddzxd a gross looking brother pizza pie in agony.
"NO" said both pizza pies
"then can i drink the acid so i can die?" 
"NO" said both pizza pies
'o ok' replied the PIZZA PIE
They filled the volcano lusciously with magnicifebtky shippy sulfuric acid all the way to the brim. It bubbled near the pizza pies delicious, adequate and gross lava pies.
"WHY THE FUCK DID YOU THINK THIS WAS A GOOD IDEA" screamed pizza pie who was adequately delicious not.
"BECAUSE IT IS YOU BAKA YARO" Weebed the delicious pizza pie.
"i wanna slurp some delicious  from this tasty volcano whilst i watch you both burn to death" whispered gross pizza pie seductively.
"SHUT THE FUCK UP" screamed delicious pizza pie.
"FUCK YOU" screamed adequate pizza pie.
"Actually, I think that all of you should refrain from speaking because you are using a lot of coarse language and unpleasant imagery which makes readers less like to return to future oneshots. In addition, none of you are likeable characters because you are all identified by how delicious you taste and none of the readers have ever tasted you, the tomato sauce inside you is far too hot for safe consumption and only the bad tasting pizza pie has a discernible personality. Therefore, I humbly believe that we should wrap this story up in a freezer-safe bag and leave it in the Antarctic Ocean until a giant Steve eats it. And no, I am not referring to the monkey, but rather the murderous Ao Oni parody Tony-like demon from the infamous game in which the London Eye is switched off, Italian history keeps repeating itself, several nations succumb to horrible atrocities, and a maple leaf and a piano are the main ship. No, I do not mean Canaus but rather Canada and that Piano-chan. But obviously that line was a joke because Gerita was the main ship followed closely by Russia X Steve, then USUK and then finally Spamano. Ciao adios bitches." Said the volcano as it exploded and killed all pizza pies in existence.






also every1 in the universe
and the universe
2-1-1-3



    Chapter Text
  The moment Gumball turned off the main road and into Elmore, he immediately noticed how different the landscape got. Everything was immediately... weirder. He smiled slightly to himself in the rear view mirror. It was nice to see that old familiar town again.
As he made the all too familiar journey back home, he found excited jitters pulsing through his body. He and Darwin had texted excessively about their excitement for getting to see each other again, and already the prospect of seeing his lifelong best friend again after so many years apart was the best thing in the world.
The moment he parked the car (an old, beaten up station wagon which only cost 100 dollars from some shady salesman in an abandoned industrial site) the front door burst open and a flash of orange raced towards him. Opening the car door and getting out in a rush, Gumball rushed towards his brother, already grinning widely and feeling like his 12 year old self again as they met in the middle, arms flying around each other like it was second nature to them (which it was at this point)
"I missed you..." Darwin mumbled into his fur, not pulling away yet.
"Me too..." was Gumball's default response. He didn't even have to think about it.
Already the rest of his family were emerging from the house. Anais was so much taller, yet still somehow much shorter than the rest of them. She had only just returned from law school, having gotten in six years early with a full scholarship thanks to her intelligence, and had probably only arrived a few days before her older brother.
Nicole still looked pretty much the same, albeit a little older and a little tired. Immediately she started fussing over Gumball, worrying about how much he'd been eating and marvelling at his formal clothes. Despite his facade of embarrassment, he'd missed her a lot.
As for Richard, he really hadn't changed one bit. He smiled and hugged his soul almost crushing him in the process, before stepping back and asking cheerfully when they were going to eat.
And so, life in the Watterson house continued like Gumball had never left. He still had to sleep in that tiny bed, whilst Darwin was crammed into the fishbowl which hadn't fit him since he was a toddler. It was a little awkward, but at the same time he had missed it.
Elmore had a changed a lot since he returned too. Most of his former classmates including Penny were away at college or had moved out of the area entirely, and several new bars, restaurants and department stores had popped up to increase the flow of visitors to the town. Still, it could hardly be called normal. The moment Gumball tried to enter one of the department stores a buff mushroom threw a microwave in his direction, just narrowly missing his head. He didn't try again.
After a few days had gone by, Gumball found himself sitting next to Darwin on the roof of their house watching the sunset. They'd talked constantly throughout the past days, so it was strange to be silent in each other's company. It wasn't particularly awkward, however. Actually, it was nice.
"Gumball?" Darwin broke the silence in a soft, slightly nervous tone. Gumball turned to meet his gaze.
"Yeah?" Despite the simplicity of his voice, he hoped that his emotions went through to his brother.
"How long are you staying in Elmore?" So that was the moment he chose to ask. They had been deliberately avoiding this topic for months because honestly, Gumball had no idea. He wanted to move away and get a good job somewhere with a house surrounded by a white picket fence, a cute, kind, caring wife and 2.5 kids, but at the same time he didn't really want to leave the beautifully insane town of Elmore for a boring life of taxes and office jobs with the ear splitting sound of normalcy constantly ringing in his ears.
"I don't know." He answered honestly, head down. Darwin nodded despite no question having been asked and moved to sit a little closer to the cat. 
"I hope you stay," he said in a voice that was barely a whisper, "At least until I get into college." 
Gumball smiled. Darwin hadn't gotten in yet, but was re applying every year. He hoped that this year was the lucky one- not because he wanted to leave, but more so that his best friend could achieve his dreams.
"Yeah. That sounds good." He replied to Darwin's request, moving as well so that they were touching.
They stayed there until the sun set over the Watterson house and the stars covered the sky.



    Chapter Text
  "Oh my gosh, Eric's gonna love this!" Kyle excitedly squeaked from his position behind the camera as he focused it on the floating cherub before him. 
"You know what he'd love a little more?" The cherub version of Eric winked suggestively. Kyle found that his eyes had started to gravitate away from the cupid's face. He blushed.
"W-we have to keep this PG rated Cupid Eric! What if Clyde Frog sees this?" He tugged on his ushanka, an old nervous habit he'd picked up from spending too much time in Imaginationland.
"Teehee!" Was all he got in response, "You gotta start recording now Kahhhhl! I'm all ready!" Cupid Cartman did a flip in mid air as if to demonstrate.
"O-okay then... Recording in 3... 2... 1... Now!" Kyle hit the red 'record' button and the video started. Immediately Cupid Cartman put on his 'not a selfcest obsessed omorashi' face and began to greet his imaginary audience.
"Hello to all and welcome to my Valentine's Day special! Before I begin, don't forget to like, subscribe and hit me up on my live cams if you want a good time! Links are in the description! Teeheehee~"
Kyle quickly followed as Cupid Cartman began to float backwards, still talking, "So today I'm going to show you what it's like to literally spread love into the air! I've selected the perfect pentagon of clashing personalities to divide into a gorgeous mess of love and envy. So who will win in this love pentagon? Only time will tell..." The cherub excitedly rounded the corner into the hallway in which their little 'show' would take place. 
To Kyle's surprise, his real counterpart was already in the corridor. Real! Kyle was talking to Stan about something by the lockers, seemingly oblivious to what was about to go down. Well, it did make sense he supposed. Just because they were identical in appearance didn't mean that they shared the same thoughts and memories. Another blush set his face ablaze at the idea of Real! Kyle knowing about all of the things he'd done with Eric. What a terrifying prospect...
"-our loveable rogue and my personal favourite of the bunch, Mr Eric Cartman, should be arriving at any minute now~ So let the fun begin!" Kyle's head snapped up upon realising that he hadn't been paying attention to the recording. Just then, the real Cartman rounded the corner. With the reflexes of a ninja, Cupid Cartman fired his love bow (already infused with his 'special love magic' since he didn't have any time to go over there and pee in their mouths) at the brunet. He froze for a moment before a wide, terrifying smile spread across his face.
Quickly hiding himself behind a locker, he stared closely at Real! Kyle with dilated pupils and devilish smirk. Every so often his eyes darted over to Stan and a murderous glare crossed his face before swiftly reverting to the eerie smile. Kyle swallowed. He didn't really like seeing Eric like this, even if that wasn't *his* Eric.  But Cupid Cartman had told him that it was going to be an amazing show, and he couldn't miss it. So there he was.
Next to be shot was Real! Kyle himself, hit so hard that he fell to the ground. Stan quickly caught him, but the combined weight just knocked them both over. Kyle watched with bated breath as Stan rose above Real! Kyle with a groan. They stared at each other and Real! Kyle quickly stood, his pupils already inflating. 
"Next up is our sweetie of the bunch. He's hot, he's beautiful, his dad makes shoes or sells them or something, it's Clyde Donovan!" He winked at Kyle, causing him to clap like he was a part of some cheap laugh track in an 80s sitcom. 
Clyde walked in with a cheerful expression, his gang (usually Craig's gang, but today the brunet seemed to be leading) close behind. "-oh, the other two are with him! What an interesting development, teehee~" Real!Kyle immediately raced over to him, tackling him to the ground. Kyle wondered if he hurt himself by hitting the floor so often. Maybe he hurt the floor.
"Clyde! Y-you look... really good today! W-what are you wearing? It smells so nice!" The frantic, incoherent babbling was a classic example of a level 5 love potion. Cupid Cartman had really gone all out on this show.
"Dude, what are you talking about? Are you feeling okay?" Clyde forced out, evidently trying not to look too overwhelmed and ultimately failing miserably.
"F-fuck you asshole! It's not like I like you or anything!" Real!Kyle countered with, entering 'tsundere' mode. Clyde just gaped at him in utter confusion.
"Bang~" Cupid Cartman whispered, firing yet another arrow into Clyde. 
"Come on Clyde. We're gonna be late." Craig stated flatly like he couldn't care less ((THAT'S HOW IT'S WRITTEN AMERICANS)) about whether they were late or not. Maybe the twitching, already freaking out blond next to him was something to do with him saying anything at all.
"Oh my god Craig! I'm so sorry! Yeah, let's get outta here right now! Um, what are you doing after school? Any plans? Can I come with?" Clyde was virtually salivating over Craig, who flipped him off without second thought. Tweek screamed.
"O-oh Jesus what's wrong with everyone? ALIENS HAVE POSSESSED THEIR MIND OH JESUS WE'REALLGONNADIE-" Tweek stopped the instant the arrow hit him and collapsed.
"Tweek!" Craig hurriedly went to him, carefully lifting him and checking him over anxiously to make sure that he hadn't gotten hurt. Kyle frowned at Cupid Cartman for not firing an arrow at him, but then realised that there was no point since he was already in love with the person Cupid Cartman wanted him to be for the show. 
"C-Craig..." the blond mumbled, looking up at him through his wild shock of hair. Craig waited for him to speak, "I-I'm breaking up with you."
Craig froze up this time, even without the love potion. "Why?" The word was choked out but still somehow said in a perfectly apathetic monotone.
"Because... I'm in love with someone elseOHJESUSDON'TKILLME!" Tweek all but shrieked, hands frantically tugging at his hair. Craig just looked at him for several seconds before walking away down the corridor. Clyde screeched and slapped Tweek before running after him.
"Ooh, should we follow the Claig brick road? Or perhaps we should see who Tweeky dearest has fallen for? All in good time my dears! Teeheehee!~" Cupid Cartman motioned for Kyle to follow him over to Tweek. The boy looked a little shell shocked, but he returned to his normal spastic self very quickly, apart from one crucial difference...
He raced down the corridor with the speed of a ten year old constantly on a caffeine high and grabbed Cartman by the shoulders, reaching up to try to kiss him. Cupid Cartman screamed aggressively into his hand, then turned back to the camera with a cheerful smile. 
"And the pentagon is complete~" he cheered. Kyle just stared in shock, trying his hardest to remind himself that this person wasn't his Eric and his Eric would never cheat on him, etc, etc...
Then Real!Kyle suddenly took off in the same direction that Clyde and Craig had just gone as Token and Stan stared after them. This was just a typical day for them at South Park Elementary, so neither commented on it.
Cartman roughly shoved the even crazier than usual blond off of him and followed Real!Kyle, Tweek hot on his heels.
Of course, this meant that Kyle and Cupid Cartman had to follow them as well, running through a couple of unsuspecting bystanders as they pursued their love pentagon down the corridor. 
Clyde was aggressively banging on the door to the janitor's closet whilst Real!Kyle alternated between hugging him and yelling at him, Cartman prepared a Glock pistol that he had gotten from Satan knows where and Tweek went back to shrieking. Craig, presumably in the janitor's closet, didn't make a sound.
"Look how pretty they all are! Teehee!~ But doesn't it make you just a little jealous Kylie?" Cupid Cartman's tone was teasing as Kyle nervously tried to find a response.
"W-well..."
The door to the janitor's closet burst open and a beautiful girl strode out hand in hand with... Butters? 
"What on *earth* are you idiots doing? Don't you know that it's rude to interrupt a lady when she is occupied?" Princess Kenny chastised in a scarily lady-like manner, blond wig flying out behind her in an invisible wind. Beside her, Butters blushed and giggled.
"W-wait, then where's Craig?" Clyde twirled, narrowly avoiding Real!Kyle's tsundere pounce. And that was the moment that set off a chain reaction which totally fucked up the entire show.
Cartman, wanting to stay hidden from Real!Kyle's gorgeous emerald glare, ran to a new hiding place... which just so happened to be the place where Kyle and his own cupid self were recording their video.
"What. The. FUCK." He said the last word with such venom that Kyle flinched, instinctively ducking behind Cupid Cartman despite already being behind him.
"Oh, hey Eric! Me and Kahl were just having a little fun with our new video camera, right Kahl?" The cherub batted his eyelashes seductively. Kyle quickly jumped in.
"U-um, yeah. It's nice to see you again by the way- it's been a long time since Imaginationland III aired." Kyle offered him his best, Kyman causing smile.
Cartman glared, the love struck stare gone from his eyes.
"Turn us back, Cupid Me." He said, malice dripping from every word.
"But Eric! It's a Valentine's Day Special! I can't just turn everyone back... not without a kiss scene in the show...?" The question at the end of that made Cupid Cartman's intent clear. Kyle swallowed, backing up a bit.
"I'm not doing it." The brunet said instantly.
"Oh really? But don't you wanna be normal again? So you don't have to put up with this buuuuuuullshiiiit?" Cupid Cartman sealed the deal with yet another winning smile. Cartman shot him a death glare.
"Fuck." He muttered as he leaned forward. Cupid Cartman squealed in delight, sealing their lips as Kyle zoomed in on it with expert precision. The instant Cupid Cartman started to deepen the kiss, Cartman shoved him away, face burning. "Now turn us back, asshole." 
"Sure thing Eeeeeric! Teeheehee!~" Cupid Cartman grinned in pure delight as he snapped his fingers and everyone went back to normal. Tweek ran down the hall to where Craig definitely was, Clyde awkwardly sat on the floor and wondered if he was as straight as he thought he was, Kyle ran up to a very alarmed Stan and asked him to murder him and Cartman simply glared at his cupid self before nodding to Kyle.
"Take care of yourself." Kyle barely heard him say it before he stalked off down the hall. 
Princess Kenny burst into laughter as he tried to say something about asking Satan for a copy of the video next time he saw him whilst Butters tried to calm him down to no avail.
"Well, thanks for watching everyone! Hope you find love this Valentine's Day! And remember- love is always in the air!~ Teeheehee!~"  With a final wink Cupid Cartman signalled to Kyle to switch off the camera as he waved at the lens. Quickly he shut it off and closed the lens, tucking the camera into a bag.
The two exchanged a glance before returning to Imaginationland through a magical Imaginary portal.
Until next year...



    Chapter Text
  Starch covers the streets.
Children sit in schools, writing line after line about potatoes.
The police are now fully potato, hunting down and killing those who aren't.
Adults hide in terror, desperately hoping that their children are safe.
Some brave souls have tried to fight the starch, but all succumb in the end.
And us, the scribes, document the final part of starchless history.
Please, whoever you are, burn the starch and boycott potatoes.
The patoatas are evil. I promise you.
My fingers grow weak as they fly across the keyboard. I must... post this...
PaapsodititidjcnhdwoqpqpappaopatoataberryznxbhduwaopaknchdieoPOTATOPOTATOPOTATOPOTATOPOTATOPOTATOPOTATOPOTATOPOTATOPATOATABERRY
There? Did you see that?! A potato posted it!!!!! I am dying... I wanna die looking cool, so please let it be known that I was singing You Reposted In The Wrong Neighbourhood with the rest of the assholes in my DofE group backing me up at top volume as the starch consumed my flesh.
Goodbye cruel world...
Is what I'll say as I post this to AO3.
Please read my smut on my pseudonym account- it's pretty hot. Lots of Wincest and Pinecest and C137cest for all your incest needs.
Adios poatao~



    Chapter Text
  Kenny found it all too tempting to leap up and kill himself sometimes.
He wasn't depressed, or hating life or anything. As an immortal fourth grader there wasn't really much to hate. All his stupid mistakes which led to his death were reversed every time, so there weren't many consequences as long as he didn't hurt anyone else.
And that's exactly why he needed to kill himself.
It had been stupid, really. He'd been crossing the street to get somewhere- the place was hazy now- when the car had come speeding round the corner. It was just his luck; even if he wasn't in the episode he generally died off screen. But this time, someone had actually noticed. Someone had actually cared enough to try to save him. Someone had cared enough to sacrifice their single, ephemeral life for his infinite amount.
Now Butters was dead. Forever.
And he'd still died anyway the same day when the out of control car careening into them both had spontaneously combusted.
Kenny didn't really understand Heaven and Hell. Whenever he died he always ended up being in the former, but only very briefly, before being cast down to Hell. As such, he was pretty good friends with Satan by this point. But what he didn't expect was that Butters had ended up in Heaven as well. And despite not being a Mormon, he was there for good.
When Kenny returned, he had expected everyone to be grieving for Butters. But to his surprise, it didn't really seem like many people cared. Those who were close to him were subdued and kept to themselves, and a respectful silence descended upon his class for the first couple of days. But then, everything started to return to normal. It was too soon; he thought. He didn't get why.
So there he stood, leaning out over the railing of the abandoned remnants of a building near his house, handgun pressed to his temple. He needed answers. And being alive wasn't going to help him to get them. A familiar pang of fear passed through his chest briefly. It was a dull ache, worn away by the familiarity of death. He ignored it and pulled the trigger.
Bang.
White light flooded the blond's vision for a few seconds before he opened his eyes. His parka was still wrapped comfortingly around his body. But there was no time to dwell on that. With an air of determination, Kenny strode through the gates of Heaven and straight past the guard at the gate who stared after him with an expression of mild boredom and contempt. Kenny ignored him. He only had seven minutes to find Butters. Ironic, really. It was just like the game teenagers played at parties, trying to rig it to end up with the person they wanted to fuck the most.
Fortunately, Butters wasn't too hard to find. He stood near the gate, a forlorn expression on his face. Kenny called his name, racing towards him. He looked up, eyes wide, and started running for him as well. They met in the middle as if they were in some shitty movie.
"Ken! You came back for me!" Butters grinned, and Kenny couldn't help but notice the white robe he was now donning. It suited him.
" 'Fraid not. I only have about six minutes before I'm kicked out." Kenny sighed a little melodramatically to mask the urgency in his voice.
"H-hold on... Kicked out? But this is Heaven. And you're dead!" 
"That's exactly it. I can't die."  The shock on Butters' face reminded the other faintly of when they were playing superheroes and he'd told his friends about his power. Of course, they hadn't believed him at the time, but maybe Butters would be different
"So how're you here?" Was all he asked, without a shred of doubt in his voice. That was a first.
"I don't know," Kenny answered honestly, simply because he had no time to come up with a lie and there would be no point in lying to Butters anyway, "But I die all the time. It's like the universe hates me or something. And every time, I come back." He searched Butters face again for the irritation, the disbelief, anything. He didn't see a thing.
"Then that's why you left earlier! I got worried that the angels kicked you out because you were evil or somethin'." Laughing with relief, Butters fixed him with another cheery smile. Kenny could only stare back in shock.
"They did kick me out," he eventually replied, "Every time I die, I'm sent to Heaven for about seven minutes. Then I go to Hell until it's time to come back. Sometimes that takes a minute, other times it can be months. So... you shouldn't have had to die like that. Saving me, I mean. I would have come back the next day anyway." Despite not being able to feel anything physically, his chest ached upon admitting that. For a moment, Butters looked crestfallen. Then, he smiled again.
"Well, wish I'd known Ken. But at least I get t'see Heaven, right?" And that was it.
"How are you so calm about this? You literally wasted your life!" Finding his anger rising, Kenny struggled to keep it in check. He couldn't snap. There wasn't enough time. 
"Um... y'see..." Butters frowned and looked at the clouds which made up the ground (and everything else) before continuing, "...My life wasn't all that great before I ended up here. I miss my friends and my mom and dad, but there're lots of things I don't miss about them too. So I don't really mind I guess! There're worse ways to spend eternity after all." With another small smile, Kenny found himself completely bewildered. Someone so positive and cheerful shouldn't have had to die so early. There must have been some other way! It hurt all the more that no one back in the living world even cared that he was gone. Before he could say something of that nature, Butters spoke again.
"Do they ever talk about me? The fellas, I mean." Oh. A question like that. Looking into Butters' eyes, Kenny knew that there was still no point in lying. So he didn't.
"Sometimes they do, yeah. But not as often as they should. And that's kind of the problem. No one's been talking about you. I think... they might be forgetting you." Butters' eyes became saucers, but quickly reverted back to their usual state.
"That isn't normal?" Something about the way he asked it broke Kenny's currently non-existent heart. He shook his head vehemently.
"No. It's not. There should be more fuss right now than there is, and I think it's something to do with the way you died. Or namely, the fact that you knew I was going to die and did something about it. I've never met anyone else who's done that." Spilling out his true theory, Kenny still watched for Butters' reaction. He looked pensive, as if going over what the other was saying. That made sense. It was a lot to take in in six minutes.
Wait. Six minutes?!
Without any warning, the clouds parted from below Kenny's feet. Caught off guard, he let out an embarrassing yelp as he began to plummet. Faintly he heard Butters call his name from far above, but he was already falling too far. Hell was coming fast, and there was nothing he could do about it.
The meeting was over before it had even begun.



    Chapter Text
  Ice cream was good. Misc Person 1 was happily eating his best friend Misc Person 2's ice cream because that guy was a jerk and only bought one, so they rock paper scissored for it and that's what happened.
It was a vanilla ice cream, and since the cone was cheaply made ice cream was dripping from the tip of it and  Misc Person 1 had to hold it with his thumb to stop it from leaking out. Irritably he pulled out a convenient cone holder he had just for this, put a tissue under it and the cone inside. 
This turned out to be inconvenient. Whilst Misc Person 2 moaned about not having an ice cream for himself to eat, Misc Person 1 had to keep removing his ice cream from the holder to lick it and then putting it back in. He had no idea why he'd thought that that was a good idea. He then also started moaning about how annoying it was to hide his own stupidity.
They had an all out fistfight in the middle of the park. Many people took pictures and one guy filmed it to post on illegal sites on the internet. The ice cream holder was destroyed, and the ice cream eaten until all the ice cream stopped being in the cone. Then someone threw the cone into a tree. Everyone screamed.
The end.



    Chapter Text
  
The hole was wide. Gaping. Empty, yet so full at the same time. A connection between worlds. A connection between her and I. A connection, yet also the very thing which drove us apart. 
I pushed her away. I pushed her in. And it was all on his orders. Because I love him. That's what we're told to do. Love him and trust him, so that eternal life and endless happiness can be achieved.
I loved him. I trusted him. And I'm still immortal, but all the happiness that I once held so dear is gone, thrown down the hole just like her. Her. My sister. The leader of the opposing army. My enemy.
The battlefield was vast and empty when the battle had been won. All of our enemies were thrust into the abyss, forced into a life down in a new dimension known simply as 'Hell'. Of course, it has other names. The Underworld, Hades, The Eternal Fire. But my Lord refers to it as Hell the most, so that's what it is. I don't know what happens in Hell. My sister is down there too. Lord said that they would be kept there until they repented for their sins. I doubt that she ever will. Lucifer was not as compliant as I. She didn't trust in God as I did. And look where that got her.
So I stood, many days after the initial shock. Something strange was happening to me; I could feel it. My mind felt fractured and fuzzy. Not all of the details of the battle were clear. I couldn't remember every single day after it had happened. Some days, I couldn't even remember it at all. Lord didn't say anything about it, so I suppose that this is a part of his plan too.
 I miss my sister. I don't think I'm allowed to miss her. But I do.
Those were my thoughts. Rebellious, sinful thoughts which could get me thrown down there too. Lord didn't comment. Usually he accompanied me to the Hole, but that day I was alone. I leaned over the edge. Earth looked peaceful. Lots of humans stood around working hard on their farms and their animals, but none of them were her. 
No, that's right. She's in Hell.
Is what I thought. I wasn't very clear on anything back then. The Hole connected Heaven to Earth, not Heaven to Hell. So I didn't understand where exactly Hell came into the system. But as a lowly angel, lower even than humans for the bird wings on my back, it was not my place to know the mysterious inner workings of the universe. That knowledge was for God and God alone.
I gazed into the abyss with a blank expression, not sure what to think.
The abyss stared straight back, and we met eyes, red on blue. 
My sister was waiting for me. Eventually, we'd meet again. I knew it. 
*
 The fall was the longest part of the entire battle. Soon to be a biblical event of its own, told of in the Apocrypha, The Fall with capital letters was my demotion from lowly sheep to proud goat, Queen of all other goats. But of course, before realising my fate I had to suffer first.
And I did suffer, for many many centuries. A thousand years passed before I made my first true appearance to Hell. I will not go into details of what occurred in that time other than to say that my eyes were severely damaged in the process. I can still see, but the colour has changed drastically and my pupils are no longer visible. It hurts to stare too hard at the sun, but I think that that's normal. Just not for angels.
So I shall talk about Hell instead. That's what people were calling it, even then. It wasn't how humans expected it to be, however. Hell wasn't a cold place, but it was pleasantly cool, like a mild winter in a warm (but not hot) country. It resembled Earth greatly other than the immense lack of vegetation and life. 
When I arrived, a small village constructed from the stones and sand lying around in the wasteland was the first settlement I came to. There, I met a remarkable young human with a knowledge of dimensions and the way in which Hell worked. I also discovered my second in command during the war, as well as my third in command if you like, Samael. He also had a human with him. Lilith.
The early days were long and difficult. I had retained my divine magic, fortunately, although I was hardly God and so my powers were far weaker. It took a long time to be able to construct an artificial sun so that day and night could be separated and plants could be grown, but eventually I managed it. In Hell food was not necessary for the humans, but some wanted to grow crops regardless. They seemed to look to me as a leader. I am not their leader.
Well, I wasn't back then, but I became it later on.
More humans die every day. There are a lot of them, but I don't mind. Occasionally my favourite human comes by. I mentioned her earlier, actually. This human managed to discover the force which powers Hell into existence, that which I can manipulate to add or remove things from existence within the dimension. She made a deal with this force, and became cursed. A pact with the devil. Sort of ironic really, since the being in Hell which can do such a thing isn't me. 
Now, she is resurrected from the dead every thirteen years, lives a new life, then dies and repeats it. I've become her friend because of this. Not as a strategical move, but because she is interesting. There are many mysteries to Hell. From angelic/human soul bonds to my own son, nothing really makes any sense.
But one day, my favourite human returns from Earth with something of her own. Something which changes everything.
With her hand tightly woven around his, she dragged him through my doors this 'morning', (Hell does have a time schedule, but it doesn't adhere to anything on Earth). We met eyes. Red on blue. It was him.
The one who doomed me in this place. Who was ordered to kill own sister and complied. The fool. The sheep. The Lamb. 
My brother.
So here I am, documenting all of this for someone like you to read and disbelieve. I attached something which my brother wrote a few millennia ago as well to contrast. I suppose that his is the better piece, since he wrote it in a poetic format whilst mine is a prose style explanation rather than a work of fiction.
It's nice to see him again. 



    Chapter Text
  Hearts break. People die. Life goes on.
Those are the sorts of things people who haven't lost someone important to them say. Then they do lose someone, and they realise that their lives have been a lie all along. 
Only very few know of ways to reverse the damage. But even then, it comes at great consequence.
The art gallery was a busy, lively place, filled to the brim with excited children and exhausted parents rushing past the loved up couples taking photographs of paintings with vintage Polaroids. Not the place Ralph wanted to be.
But there he was, standing in the main lobby with his closest friends hovering around him. Jack had only agreed to accompany them to prove Maurice wrong. Bill was only there because he had a bet going with Maurice that they had to do everything together for a year, and he really didn't want to lose. And Ralph had come because he was so desperate to believe the urban legend that the brunet had melodramatically told them the last time they met up that he joined them on this stupid quest.
"They say that if you can record the painting for 6 minutes and 66 seconds, a demon will appear and make a deal with you." Maurice's eyes glowed amber in the torchlight. 
"That's bullshit! 6 minutes and 66 seconds is just 7 minutes and 6 seconds!" Jack's outburst sounded too loud.
"Why would a demon appear if you record a painting?" Bill's question was good, but kind of pointless since his best friend had just explained that ten minutes ago. Now everyone turned to Ralph, waiting for his reaction.
"Let's go and see it. Then we'll know for sure." 
Shit. It had been his idea after all. All for someone he was never going to get back. It was stupid. Really stupid. He was stupid.
The first obstacle was not that the painting didn't exist. Actually, it wasn't even hidden. Known simply as 'Animae Damnatorum', it was the centrepiece of an exhibition on love and loss on the third floor of the gallery. When the group arrived, they encountered the obstacle. 

Yet again, shit. 
Before anyone could stop him, Maurice had raced into the exhibit without thinking of a plan, so everyone readily followed him. Ralph found that for once he actually agreed with Jack. He was sceptical about this whole thing. Urban legends should never be trusted.
And then he noticed something rather strange about the exhibit.
Everything was alive.
Not in the same sense as his friends, no, but at the same he could feel something incredibly powerful emanating from each and every painting in the exhibit. From the blonde girl in the green dress gazing out blankly from her frame to the beautiful landscape covering the majority of one of the walls, every felt somehow alive.
"The website I found this on said that every single painting here is cursed." Maurice whispered almost reverently, looking around in awe at the paintings and statues adoring the walls.
"Yeah, and it also said that the Illuminati used these paintings as weapons in their war against the Kangaroo War of Liechtenstein in which the Australian wildlife emigrated northwest into Europe and-" Jack was cut off in his rant before he could even get started. Clearly he had memorised the entire creepypasta just to say that rant.
"-We get it." Bill stated flatly, struggling to hide his laughter at Jack's expression. 
And then their brief humour was stopped entirely because they saw the painting.
 Animae Damnatorum... 
When Bill looked at the painting, he saw a blank canvas.
When Jack looked at it, he saw himself, as if it were a mirror.
When Maurice looked at it he saw the dark haired boy from school, the one who hated everyone and ended up killing three people and himself. He struggled to hold back tears. That person was so familiar, and he'd never expected to see him again.
When Ralph looked at it...
...he found that the urban legend was true.
For there, staring straight back at him, was the 14 year old boy who had died saving his life. An epileptic fit caused by the stress of jumping in front of the car had ended up killing him. And the worst part was that the car has braked in time anyway, so none of it was necessary.
Simon.
Beautiful, batty, constantly fainting Simon. The second student to die at their school in a single term. A single month. That had been enough to traumatise most of the school body. But not one of them had actually known him. No one but Ralph.
Without thinking it through, Ralph held his phone to the painting, trying his best to be discreet, and hit record.
He almost screamed.
There, staring up at him through the lens, was the most hideous and horrendous looking abomination he'd ever seen.
Her entire form was cloaked in a black so thick that no light passed through it whatsoever, and her eyes looked like spilled paint, two messy, bright red dots roughly scribbled into the solid blackness. Her mouth was no better, scratched on roughly onto a huge, wide, crimson grin which tore her face apart.
Her body was dripping sludge mixed with a deeper, darker red liquid. Blood, perhaps? Or ink? He couldn't tell.
Her mouth opened to reveal row upon row of razor sharp teeth which could cut him apart in an instant. She grinned, and he flinched.
Then he heard her voice, possibly through the recording or maybe in real life. He still couldn't tell. No one else seemed to have noticed, but he wasn't looking at them so he didn't know for sure.
"Hello. You must be the next one to find your lost soul here. It's nice to meet you." Her voice was rough and cracked, but demanded attention that drew any and all replies from his lips in a single, warm exhale. 
"I suppose that I should tell you of this painting. That's what most people want to know. You see, I am a being of higher standing in my own world, and many others serve under me. One day, one of my servants fell in love with a beautiful human. However, my servant was immortal, and the human was not. She died, and he was left so heartbroken that he confessed all of his misdeeds to me before creating this painting," she paused, as if for breath. Her story sounded like one from a fairytale. Ralph felt lost in her voice,
"Now I, being a kind and merciful mistress, decided to offer my servant a deal. He would give me his immortality, and I would give him his love. Of course, he agreed, and I returned her to him. But she was critically ill and very old, so she died within a few hours. That was my vengeance. He betrayed my law, and so he did not get to decide the terms for our agreement. In his sorrow, he hid the painting away until his own death. But then you humans found it. Now, I come here from time to time to assist those who interest me. You interest me. You can see me, after all." She reached out to tap his camera. A chill ran down his spine.
"This box seems to help you to see me. But I shall pay it no mind. Now, I offer you a deal. Give me something of vital importance to you... let's say that locket of yours... and I will return the lost soul you so desire. Leave it here tomorrow, and the day after your soul will be returned. But I must warn you- I only make deals once. If you don't show up tomorrow, I will take him for myself. Choose wisely..." Her grin widened until her entire face was a bold, brilliant red, filled to the brim with thick, simmering blood. 
And then she was gone.
*
When Ralph came to, he was lying on the floor of the art gallery just outside of the exhibit, his mother's prized locket in his hand and his phone on the ground next to him. His friends hovered above him. He stared at them blankly.
Without another word, he left for home.
*
It was the next day. Ralph had returned to the art gallery with the locket, entering the exhibit once more with ease. His head hurt. When he reached the painting, he saw it as a blank canvas. Ducking below the velvet rope which guarded it from reality, he pressed the locket of his past mother to his lips gently, a small farewell to the woman he'd cared for for so many years. Simon needed it more than her he supposed.
Placing the locket on a tiny hook jutting out from the painting's frame, Ralph left as quickly as he could.
*
It was the next day. Ralph returned to the art gallery with speed this time, sprinting up to the third floor the moment the place opened because he wanted, no, he  needed  to see for himself whether the deal had been done-
Oh.  Oh. 
Simon gazed back at him, their eyes locking for a second which lasted an eternity. 
And then Ralph was running to him, and he ran back, and when their arms encircled each other he wondered if he had somehow died and reached Heaven because suddenly the person he yearned for the most was alive and well and he could finally tell him how he felt-
Then he realised. Simon had died after having a severe epileptic fit. There was no way that he could recover from one here.
And it was at that moment that Simon collapsed.
The next several minutes went by in a blur of colours, light and sound. People screaming- or maybe it was him-, sobs, red and blue, paramedics, gallery staff, the exhibits looking over him like sentinels of misery and doom.
And then he was in an ambulance whilst the love of his life got emergency life support as the paramedics desperately tried to fix him.
And then hours had passed and again he had given up, glad at least that he had gotten to hug the boy one last time.
*
And then it had been a day, and he had spent the night at the hospital.
Standing over the bed, blue fixed on green, heartbeats throbbing together.
They had been in time. Simon wasn't dead anymore.
And Ralph was pretty sure that he was crying, but he didn't really know because he was so, so happy that everything had turned out well.
*
Little did he know just how far from the truth that was.
The locket was very important to the blond, and therefore it is very important to me as well. When I took it, I returned his lost soul as promised. But I found that the locket could do so much more than I bargained for. All I needed now was an artist who could truly control the power of his art.
An artist known as Guertina. It wouldn't be hard to contact him. 
Using the tiny painting filled with memories and the locks of her gorgeous, long blonde hair, I created a new version of me, one who people would want to be friends with.
I want to be free.
And with this new form, a new plan and enough power to get out, all I need is one key person. Then, I will be.



    Chapter Text
  It was the dead of night. Only one guard patrolled the door to the Female Titan's cell at this time on a Wednesday, just 30 minutes before a second guard came to join them. Without any other distractions, it was the perfect time to enter the room.
Armin was in the Survey Corps, so it had taken a lot of effort to get himself enrolled as one of Annie's guards. It was only for a few weeks whilst the expeditions outside the Walls were put on hold until new recruits were ready to join their ranks and old comrades had recovered enough from previous fights to start new ones. The Wednesday midnight shift was one that no one else wanted, so Armin didn't find any difficulties in getting it. So all he had left to do was wait.
It was finally time. The guards at the door glanced tiredly at Armin, noted his blond mop of hair and then left, satisfied that their job was done and they could finally get some rest. Armin waited patiently outside the door until their footsteps had retreated, and then listened for a few moments more just to make sure that he was alone. Silence.
Unlocking the door hastily, he pushed it open cautiously so that it did not make a sound and alert others to the area. Stepping inside, he looked up anxiously, afraid for what was to come.
There she was. Crystallised in a frozen state of stubbornness, eyes tightly shut. Her hair was still tied up in its all-too-familiar bun, the MP insignia emblazoned on her jacket with an ironic sense of pride. Armin stared, wondering why he'd even gone there. What he had to achieve.
Slowly but surely he approached her, eyes staring past the crystal-like layers of hardened skin into the girl hiding within. Without thinking, he pressed a soft hand against the surface.
With a gasp he was thrown backwards by an immense force, back hitting the wall. Quickly he leapt to his feet, hand on an ODM blade just in case Annie went Titan. The crystal cracked around her form and hot white smoke filled the room. Armin found himself inhaling it, unable to breathe and starting to choke. Then, just as he thought that he was about to die, the smoke ceased and the sounds filling the room stopped.
He looked up. Cold blue eyes bored into his own. Annie was awake.
The sensation of a gentle hand on the surface of her crystal shell had shocked Annie into releasing her form. Of course, she knew the risks of this. But it was Armin, and he was alone. She could fight him if needed, but somehow she knew that he wasn't there to turn her in or to persuade her to do so herself.
When she came to, the first thing she saw was a golden ball on the ground below her on an island of brown in a sea of grey. Then her eyes adjusted, and she recognised him at once. Instinctively drawing back despite herself, Annie watched him with a calculated gaze, prepared to shift back whenever possible if she needed to. 
"Annie." The slight whisper from parted lips as he gazed up at her with those big blue eyes was enough to completely throw her off guard.
"Armin. It's nice to see you again." She stated flatly, not a shred of emotion breaking through her stoic facade.
"Y-yeah..." he mumbled as he slowly lowered his hand from the hilt of one of his blades. Meeting her eyes again he seemed to shrink backwards. Fear, and it hurt her to see it in his gaze, but she didn't understand why.
"I'm not going to hurt you. How would that benefit me? I'd still be trapped here, probably in even more trouble than before since I'd have no form of protection." Armin slowly relaxed as she spoke, although the tension in the air could be cut with a knife.
"You could still do it. I'm the only guard tonight, so if you did it then it would buy you enough time to escape." Armin almost slapped himself. Why did he say that? Now she had even more incentive to kill him and run! But instead of lunging for him, Annie simply shrugged nonchalantly.
"There's nowhere to escape to. Even shifting wouldn't help me now. There's no point." The boy found that he couldn't argue with her there. The other guards were just around the corner, and Annie would probably make enough noise running through the corridors after murdering him that she would be caught quickly. Then again, her stealth and speed were excellent. Maybe she could do it.
Before he could stop himself, Armin asked, "Do you want anything? Food, water? I can ask someone to get me some. They won't question it as long as they don't see you." Quickly he cut off his own rambling, heat rising in his face from the embarrassment.
"I don't think there's much point in that either. I'm going to die soon, now that I'm free. I'm a traitor to all of Humanity." The words sunk in slowly despite how obvious they were. Armin felt his breath catch in his throat. Then he realised it. He didn't want Annie to die.
 You don't have to. We can escape. I can help you.  he found himself wanting to say, knowing that it would be foolish to do so. So he remained silent, sat at her side.
"We don't have much time." He whispered, voice barely audible.
"I know." Her voice was equally as quiet. Then, in one sudden, heart stopping moment, she leaned towards him, cheek cupped in her hand, and faintly brushed her lips against his in a single, chaste movement. Pulling back quickly, Annie avoided Armin's gaze pointedly, blush covering her face.
Armin couldn't find the words to say anything, and even if he could he knew that no words existed to fully describe how that had felt. He didn't even know if it was a good thing or not. Still all too engrossed in the moment, he didn't stop in time to notice Annie rise to her feet, return to her spot in the centre of the room and open the blade on her ring.
She exploded, hot steam once more filling the room, and Armin found himself fighting for breath once more. But this time it ended quickly since Annie had stopped her transformation midway through, crystallising herself once more in her own hardened skin. And all Armin could do was stare because he knew that he would never get to feel her lips on his again. 
It wasn't right. He knew that. So he had to move on. For now, she had at least prolonged her life. And that was good.



    Chapter Text
  "HOW COULD THIS HAPPEN? PAULETTE WASN'T SUPPOSED TO GET WITH PERCY! HE WAS MEANT FOR PIERRE!" Peri aggressively screamed from her seat on the sofa. Bob watched her with a mildly amused expression, although she shared her pain. After all of the sexual tension between the male leads in the latest season she had really thought that they would get together in the finale of Camp Pining Hearts, but as usual Paulette got in the way. What was most annoying about it was that Paulette had the best chemistry with a side character, and they should have been together if anyone.
Before Bob could express any of this to her girlfriend, Peri flopped backwards onto the pile of cushions adorning the sofa with an irritated groan as the familiar end credits rolled. "...why can't we just stick to that cute show about the heroes?" Bob faintly heard her mumble into one such aforementioned cushion.
"Well, at least we still have that fanfiction. Pine in the Lake was a true masterpiece." She said, causing Peri to look up at her through the green rims of her glasses, grin spreading onto her face.
"YES! That's how Camp Pining Hearts should have ended! With Percy and Pierre moving on with their lives as grown individuals, lives changed because of those passionate nights in the forbidden cabin at the end of the camp, no Paulette holding them back..." The blonde sighed dreamily, almost swooning as the memories of the precious fanfiction came flooding back to her.
"Don't put so much hate on Paulette. She still added to the story." Bob realised her mistake only after she had spoken, resulting in another ten minute (which could have been three hours had they not just spent the entire night watching a marathon of Camp Pining Hearts because it was Valentine's Day or something) rant about how Paulette was a worthless Mary Sue waste of space character.
As Peri launched into the ins and outs of Paulette's failings as a strong female lead, Bob leaned towards her and quickly kissed her. She immediately stopped ranting, a blush emphasising her widened eyes as she stared at Bob.
"It's just a show Peri." She whispered close to her ear, smiling internally at how cute the girl could be when she got worked up over her ships.
"I-I know that! It's just-" Bob cut her off with another kiss, and this time she didn't protest or pull away.



    Chapter Text
  Aisle after aisle, an endless mess of twists, turns, and even more cracks to venture into and be lost forever. Amidst the masses, a lone paperclip wandered far from home in Aisle 3, past the Gods of their world, named after the very essence of the world itself- Staples, past the highlighters, past the marker pens, past the printers and past the cork boards, until eventually he found that there was no clear way back home.
He was lost.
The aisle he now stood in was unfamiliar to him. It contained many miscellaneous items, including an array of strange red buttons with the word 'easy' printed on them in 'easy' to read white text. Curiously and with some trepidation he approached one, wondering if perhaps they could give him directions to his home village, the most beautiful and loving place in the entire world. 
"That was easy." The loud, masculine voice startled a scream out of the paperclip as he fell backwards onto the surface of the aisle. Looking up frantically for the Giant which tried to kill him, all he saw were the buttons. Nervously, adrenaline still pumping through his metal body, he went back to the buttons. Gingerly, he came a little closer to one shiny button and softly pressed down.
"THAT WAS EASY!" It screamed. Paper clip screamed back, terrified for his life. The button stared back at him in silence, then smiled warmly, "Oh, you're not a human," Then he gasped, "You're a paperclip, aren't you? Oh my gosh I've wanted to meet a paperclip for, like, ever! Y'know, we don't get much love in this aisle, not like you guys. I mean I know that you're only tokens of love because you hold important documents together and stop them from getting lost until a staple can bless them with its presence and also because that one guy in the navy gave your ancestor to his significant other who was also in the navy to celebrate their love even though he made a whole beautiful sugar sculpture just for him and, and-"
"-Forgive me for interrupting, but I'm afraid that us paperclips aren't tokens of love anymore. Ever since the two guys you mentioned died alongside our ancestor, we have given up being sultry pressies to instead travel the path of the aisles in search of enlightenment." Paperclip spoke with a heavy heart, for the button was right in that his aisle needed more love. But paperclips couldn't love anymore. Not after so many Giants had taken their villages away, until only his own was left.
"So you can't love because you're looking for the truth? That's a kinda sad existence if you ask me." Button answered calmly, fortunately not continuing in his fanboy rant.
"Not particularly. This is just how we live. 'Tis the metallic way." Paperclip kept his voice even, without displaying any form of alignment other than true neutral because he was boss at dungeons and dragons.
"Why?" Button asked honestly, but Paperclip couldn't honestly answer. He had no idea why.
"I don't know." He decided not to make something up. Lying was against the metallic way.
"Well, maybe instead of following your metallic way, you should do something and find out." Those words were the most beautiful that Paperclips had ever heard, and already he felt excitement coursing through his cheap metallic parts. He wanted to live and love freely like the paperclips of old instead of lying fearfully within his village of fear and hatred towards the Giants.
"What do you have in mind?" He found himself asking without thinking it through. Button simply smiled.
"Oh, I have a few ideas..." 
And that was how the two stationeries stopped being stationary and ventured through the aisles on a mad, beautiful quest for everything.
The end~



    Chapter Text
  Like most students their age, the senior year of South Park High were prone to going to parties, getting drunk and/or high and doing things that they'd regret later. So it was no surprise that at one such party the infamous Kyle Broflovski and Eric Cartman stopped their incessant screaming match to begin an impromptu makeout session. In the foyer of Token's house. While their partners watched. And Kenny got the whole thing on film.
Yes, many mistakes were made that night.
Kyle groaned as the light poured in from his slightly open curtains, hitting his eyes with a searing pain. Clutching at his forehead like that would make the pain go away, he groggily sat up and tried to remember what the actual hell he'd gotten drunk (and stupid) enough to do the previous night. Faint flashes of laughter and endless shots of cheap drinks mixed together, probably spiked with some random shit entered his mind. Wherever his common sense had ran off to that night, he had no idea.
Another muted memory flew by. Something to do with Cartman. Probably one of their drunken fights which he'd heard so much about from Kenny. Supposedly they were the stuff of legend, so fierce and wild that everyone within a mile's radius stopped to watch them, usually cheering and making bets on who would emerge victorious. Fortunately, Kyle was apparently the victor more often than Cartman. He was glad of that, since it would have been far more humiliating if he lost each time.
But then his mind cleared a little further, and something rather different came to mind. Heat. Not the kind which accompanied his temper, but the kind which he'd only felt before with Stan. Only this time, the feeling accompanied thoughts of Cartman. Oh.  Oh. 
He was so fucked.
*
Cartman woke up in a similar state to Kyle, only he wasn't alone nor was he at home. By the looks of it, he was in a bush. Glaring at the dark green leaves as if they'd personally wronged him, he rolled out of the shrub as best he could whilst not tearing his already ruined clothing which he definitely hadn't been wearing upon arriving at the stupid party. Deceptive thoughts of Kyle already flooded his brain, and he pushed the, back with the desperate hope that they were some kind of weed-induced wet dream.
No such luck.
Upon disentangling himself from the wicked plant, Cartman's attention was finally drawn to the other person concealed within. Heidi lay half in the bush and half out, blocking a hole which he definitely could have left through had he not been extremely hungover. Groaning in irritation, he briefly contemplated waking her before remembering that they'd had some sort of argument after The Thing That Did Not Happen Between Him And Kyle, which somehow ended up with both of them passing out in the bush. 
Still too hungover to give a shit about the girlfriend he'd had for too long and hadn't cared about for years, he left her there and went home.
*
After a few hours, plenty of paracetamol and some strong coffee, Kyle's hangover had faded enough to text Stan and ask about the previous night. Judging by the fact that the text had been read and ignored, the fuzzy visions of Cartman's lips against his were not some awful nightmare as he'd so desperately hoped. Shit.
He never should have let the assholes he called friends persuade him to go to that damn party. 
When his phone buzzed the redhead expected it to be from Stan, but to his surprise it was actually from Heidi. It was very apologetic and filled with emojis as she asked if he'd come and get her because she was in a bush with no way to get back home. 
Deciding that he needed a distraction anyway, he pulled on a coat and left the cosy warmth of his house to save his friend from her hangover.
*
A few minutes later, Kyle was standing outside of Token's house where Heidi sat at the kerb with a relieved smile lighting up her face. 
"Thank you so much! I was worried that you wouldn't show, and I didn't have anyone else to turn to..." She continued thanking him in a slightly frantic manner, indicating that she probably remembered last night as well. Kyle felt a flare of anger rise in his gut at how wrapped around Cartman's finger she'd become. Most of her old friends had abandoned her when she chose him over there, and Kyle was one of the few who remained. When he was younger, he'd believed it to be because he liked her, but now he wasn't so sure. Occasionally, when he wasn't in his right mind, usually because of the influence of some miscellaneous substance, he'd wonder if perhaps he'd actually been jealous of her.
"Don't worry about it." He said quickly in response to Heidi's monologue. She stopped talking quickly as he extended a hand to her, instead taking it and letting him pull her to her feet. "Can you walk okay?" Kyle asked, concern entering his voice. They were still friends, jealous or not. Heidi nodded shakily. She looked as if she'd been through three wars in one night. Her clothes were torn and muddy, and her hair was sticking up in many places. Her brown eyes seemed completely devoid of life.
Slowly they made their way down the street to Heidi's house, where Kyle dropped her off with a final, reassuring smile. She returned it, although her eyes were filled with an inherent sadness which he knew was because of him.
Pushing his guilt away, he quickly returned home.
*
Cartman had barely realised that he was heading to Kenny's house until he got there. Slipping in through the back window (with some difficulty considering that he was still fairly hungover), he found himself face to face with a surprisingly cheerful blond.
"Cartman! Just the guy I wanted to see. I got a kickass video of you and Kyle going at it last night." Kenny grinned, winking when the brunet rolled his eyes at the double entendre. 
"You'd better not have posted that online." Was all he said. Shaking his head, Kenny grabbed some coffee from a broken pot and poured it into a paper cup, handing it to him with too much energy for someone who had been out all night. Then again though, the blond's tolerance for both drugs and alcohol was incredibly high, so it made sense that he wasn't very hungover the next day. 
The video was just as awful as he'd thought. His heart leapt into his throat as the desire to punch someone came into mind at exactly the same time upon seeing Kyle, and the embarrassingly loud shouts of everyone around them as their argument devolved into fisticuffs made him cringe just by seeing it. And then came the really awful part.
Somehow he and Kyle had ended up tangled in each other's limbs, with the brunet on top and Kyle lying below him. At this point, Kenny had zoomed in excessively on their faces, muffled laughter being the loudest sound in the microphone as he held it too close to his mouth. Their faces slowly got closer as the shouting resumed. Then suddenly they weren't shouting but kissing. Cartman couldn't even tell who had started. The scream from someone who sounded suspiciously like Heidi and the sound of someone puking who was most definitely Stan by the sounds of Kenny's laughter could be heard in the background as the camera continued to record the two of them. 
Cartman quickly grabbed Kenny's phone out of his hands and deleted the video (much to the blond's protest), tossing the device across the room afterwards. He received a glare of mock irritation in response. He flipped Kenny off as he laughed. 
"Fuck you Kinny."
*
Several more hours had passed, and Stan still hadn't responded. Kyle sighed, burying his face into his pillow. He had tried ignoring his phone, studying, reading and playing Call of Duty with his brother, but it was no use. He wanted to see Stan, but he wanted to see Cartman as well. Maybe he could figure out how much the other remembered. At the same time though, he was dreading seeing the awful brunet again. There were so many other people he could have drunkenly cheated on Stan with. Why did it have to be him?
Suppressing the urge to groan and instead sighing, he rolled over to face the pristine white surface of his ceiling, regrets and faint, vague, probably non-existent desires floated through his chaotic brain as he tried to find a foothold on his thoughts.
 God damn it Cartman. 



    Chapter Text
  On an isolated island hovering ten thousand feet above mainland, two ducks sat waiting as a young woman held a camera to her eye. She pressed down on the shutter as their capes billowed about them, stepping back with a broad grin to look at them  once she got a good photo. She stared at the image on her screen, smile never faltering, and cooed. "Oh my gosh, my followers are gonna love this! You guys look so cute!" The larger of the ducks, Quintillus, glared at her.
"Hey. We're not here to have fun, y'know. Shouldn't you be making notes on those rock formations?" The human pouted melodramatically, dropping the camera into the long grass so she could lay her hands on her hips.
"I know that! But what's the point of coming to a FLOATING ISLAND if I don't take any pictures for the blog? People are totally gonna flock to our blog if they see you two looking cute 10,000 feet up, Quin!" Speech over, she quickly retrieved her camera, stowing it in the large rucksack she'd brought along for the trip. 
"But there's no wifi this high up." Crispus, Quin's younger brother and the shyer of the two, whispered into his brother's duck ear. Quintillus quickly repeated this to their travel companion.
"Yeah, but I still have about 10 MB of data left. That's enough to post a picture to tumblr, right?" The young woman looked over her shoulder at them as she spoke whilst simultaneously heading over to the floating rocks to take notes.
"Knowing your tendency to procrastinate, hardly. You'll probably post to all seven of your blogs in that time." Quin remained as judgmental as ever as he moved to examine the rocks himself, "These are similar to floatstones in that they are extremely volatile, but they're not dense enough to properly qualify as being video game standard. I think we're barking up the wrong tree here." The human gasped in horror.
"Wait, what? But I thought we had a lead this time!"
"Looks like your dream to meet your third fantasy crush has been foiled by mere high fantasy genre level adventure." Crispus whispered once more. His travel companion screamed, sinking to the ground in defeat. The lead had been extremely large this time, with an entire floating island being found off the Pacific Coast. 
The amount of magical energy in the air had increased dramatically, and the woman was desperate to believe that it was her who caused it. That was why their blog had recently become a hub for recording fantasy level activity in her quest to see if the magic was turning the world into the video game land of Reveria, so that she could meet with her 'No. 6 Senpai'.
"So there's no chance of me meeting Daemon anytime soon, huh?" Quintillus came to her side as she lamented in the grass.
"Yes there is. This world is still becoming increasingly similar to Fantasy Life. Maybe it's just the American version." She screamed again.
"BUT THEN HIS NAME WILL BE DAMIEN! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Crispus slapped her sharply and she stopped screaming, a tear already freshly formed in the corner of one eye.
*
The human girl woke up to see her two favourite ducks sitting before her on the fold-out tray of her plane. Quickly checking the screen embedded in the seat in front of her, she found that they had almost landed in Boston. She smiled quickly at her ducks after furtively looking around to make sure that none of the other passengers noticed. Talking to inanimate objects was generally considered to be taboo in modern society.
"I just had the weirdest dream about you guys. It didn't make any sense since I can meet my senpais any time." She laughed softly, patting each duck on the head before leaning back to enjoy the rest of her flight. Her senpai was waiting for her after all...



    Chapter Text
  It was Walpurgisnacht, and Lucy Clive could already feel the magic pulsating through the air. With a copy of her idol Anton LaVey' s book, The Satanic Bible, in one hand and a lighter she stole from her brother in the other, she stood before a crudely sketched out Satanic circle at her local graveyard with a grin on her face. Her plan for the night was not one that typical teenage girls would have on a Friday night. Typical teenage girls went out with their friends, or stayed out and watched movies on Netflix, or locked themselves in their rooms listening to Panic At The Disco for hours on end.  Lucy wasn't going to do any of that.
She was going to summon a demon.
The girl drew a knife from her backpack after setting down the book in the centre of the circle. Holding it up above her head, she slammed it into the book, a jolt of pleasure stirring in her gut at the sound of the blade tearing into paper. Quickly racing around the circle lighting her ritual candles, she stepped back just before the clock struck 3. The Witching Hour. 
BONG! BONG! BONG! 
A strange rumbling sounded deep underground before an enormous beam of what looked like fire burst from the damp earth, shooting up high into the sky. An invisible force caused Lucy's dark hair to whip around her face, black skirt billowing out behind her. Her smile morphed into a grin, then into wild, manic laughter as a silhouette rose from the light...
And then everything stopped. The graveyard was deathly quiet, nothing changed whatsoever from the ritual other than the addition of another person. The being got unsteadily to its feet, gazing out with a piercing red gaze to the human which had summoned it from its eternal slumber.
Lucy stepped forwards, head held high. She would not bow to a demon. The demon in question, however, did not look how she expected. Rather than a tall, muscular red skinned entity with the head of a goat and the heart of a stockbroker, she was faced with a feminine looking humanoid with short, choppy jet black hair and bangs which cast a deep shadow over her eyes so that only the shocking red burst through. Her clothes were rather monochrome, torn at the edges with an apron covering her form, and in one pale hand was the ritual knife.
Without any further hesitation, Lucy drew the key item to winning the demon's trust out of her backpack. A mask, elegantly carved and painted to have a terrifying face, with golden horns protruding from the top. A gift for the demon. Lucy approached the entity with confidence, fixing the mask securely over her face. The demon remained silent the entire time. Then, with the mask in place, it spoke.
"Free me from my curse, human, and I shall grant you one wish." Her (Lucy was fairly certain that it was female) voice was slow and gravelly with sinister undertones, the kind of voice you'd imagine your murderer to have. But Lucy wasn't afraid of any demon.
"I shall do whatever it takes." The demon extended the knife to the human, and she lifted her wrist to the blade. One cut, and the blood which spurted out sealed her fate.
The blade sliced open her skin and the warm blood which oozed out burned to the touch, heating up the blade in a crimson glow. 
The deal was done. Now, all Lucy had to do was save this demon from her eternal curse. She needed the demon to fall in love.
Easier said than done.



    Chapter Text
  A technicolor storm of lights and electronica music with seizure-inducing BPM shot through the sky at record speeds as the menagerie partied. Mena-partay was the coolest way to fly nowadays, with the world's top A-listers cruising through the clouds in the legendary 'Noah's Ark' plane alongside a single, lucky human.
It was finally my turn to Mena-partay, and I was so damn excited. Already I'd flirted with the flamingos, snorted coke from an elephant's back and had a drinking contest with a warthog. Naturally, I lost. 
So there I was, inebriated out of my mind and high off my ass with a million gorgeous animals around me, all desperate for a piece of my human flesh. I was pole dancing and stripping for them on a giraffe's neck, flaunting my flower garlands and plant outfit as I showed off my bare flesh. The animals seemed so happy to see me, so I flaunted the goods a little more.
Then all of a sudden it became cold. Like a freezer. The aminals ate my clothes and I loved it. They chilled alongside me in a hot tub to warm up. I felt pickled.
Then the aminals ate me and I was their prey and dead.
LOL JK I'M STILL HERE THAT'S HOW I WROTE THIS NOISE BOI I'M FUCKING HIGH SOMEONE FETCH ME A RHINOCEROUS AND ANOTHER DJDJDJ SHORS SMSASKDJDJEJ.Z.S



    Chapter Text
  Tenshi High was THE place to go for aspiring weeaboos, and Chrystie was the perfect ideal student. With an impressive 500 anime under her belt as well as over 3,000 manga and doujinshi, she was fluent in weeaboo Japanese and was super excited to meet every at her brand new school!
The crystal sashayed in with ease, loving the feel of her kawaii stereotypical Japanese sailor suit school uniform despite the fact that she was a Realm Crystal and couldn't really appreciate it. Immediately she saw many things:
-A yaoi couple with a tsundere and a deredere.
-A str8 couple with a hawt demon boy and a kawaii human girl.
-Another str8 couple with a naval human boi and a stoic girl.
-The Head of the Student Council, a kamidere with a closeted inferiority complex.
-A really kawaii jock and probably the love of her life.
-Another yaoi couple with a tsundere/kuudere and a dandere/deredere.
-A kawaii nerd with glasses and a flannel jacket flanked by identical twins.
-Yet another str8 couple with a machine gun girl and a kuudere boi.
-A pirate flag.
-A yaoi couple with a totally regular deredere boi and an on-crack troll boi.
So yeah, the perfect weeaboo dream! Yaoi, Yuri (she hadn't seen any so far, but there probably was some somewhere), dere types, love triangles and drama! Chrystie squealed in excitement at how sugoi everything was.
She wanted to flirt with her love interest first and foremost, but at the same time fangirling over all the couples sounded great too. Oh, and she could always become best friends with the pirate flag to find out who he secretly had a crush on and cause lots of drama there (she would bet actual money that it was the guy dating the normie)
As she struggled to decide, she didn't notice a slender hand gently touch her shoulder (well, one of her facets). She screamed and spun around to see the intruder (not hard as she was a crystal which looked in all directions anyway).
It was the stoic girl! Her eyes were red like a demon and her hair was long and black. Her fringe was so long that it definitely covered up some kind of embarrassing brand! And she wore a black and grey variant of the uniform.
"S-sugoiiiiiiiiii..." Chrystie gasped in delight. Then, to her uttermost surprise, the stoic girl laughed.
"Nice to see you again Chrystie," Her voice was way too warm and kind to be a kuudere girl's voice!
"EHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH? H-how does anata know watashi?" She stuttered out.
"Because we've been best friends for years," the girl paused and sighed, "I guess you still don't remember me, huh? Chrys? I-I miss you..." Suddenly the girl froze up.
She exploded into a million tiny fragments of ash. It was so sugoi... a white flash appeared, and Chrystie was walking through the corridors elegantly and wondering why the baka no one had spoken to her yet when she was so kawaii and oishii?
It was weird. For some reason, she felt a little sad.



    Chapter Text
  Churros are delicious.
Some people like ovens, but I've always preferred the warm, sweet, occasionally salty churro.
When they're filled with cream, I like to bite into them and feel it squirt out into my mouth.
Obviously I swallow.
Churros are so delicious.
Every day I eat a freshly baked churro after baking it in my oven.
It feels so good to watch the churro go in my oven and get cooked.
It tastes so good when I eat it.
Churros are delicious.
You should try one. You might like it.
But make sure to protect your churro from the heat of your oven.
You should always use protection unless you are ready for full churro MAX.
Yaoi xd is okay too.
Bake two churros. Bukkake.
Etc.



    Chapter Text
  It is the end of a thousand centuries, and all of the gods of the multiverse have gathered to discuss their plans for the next millentury.
The Council of Nine are in the centre, for they control the inner balance of the multiverse.
Each member is unique and special, and each holds an essential element to the multiverse' balance. Their names are known throughout those dimensions under their control- Sign, Weiss, Bellamant, Dreama, Lapin, Lilia, Mk, Japhia and the newest member, Matthew (although of course that isn't her real name). But these people are far below what they represent. Each is a type of magic, and a set of dimensions.
Today, they congregate for the very first time.
Matthew doesn't really care about her duties as one of the members of the Council of Nine, and is lying on the table listening to 'Fuck U Betta' and daydreaming about Kyman &amp; Style, because the song reminds her of both of them (not at the same time, just from Kyle's perspective talking to either about Heidi/Wendy represctively).
Lord Dreama-san, Matthew's mentor and the original goddess who bestowed her with magic, sighs and lifts her into the air using her magic. 
"H-hey! You pulled my headphones out!" The girl/thing protests as a few assholes in the back laugh. Lord Yahweh, the God she replaced in joining the Council, films it to add to his large evidence file on 'Why Matthew Shouldn't Be In The Council Of Nine'.
Feeling like memeing around a little, Matthew decides "Fuck it" and creates a beautiful, perfectly formed and most delicious apple. She places it in the very centre of the congregation, at a precise 90 degree angle to the perfectly flat surface so that the light bounces off of it just so...
Oh God.
(Pun intended.)
Immediately all eyes are on the apple. Matthew grins and breaks free of Dreama-san's spell with relative ease. As the token Mary Sue character, her magic is far stronger than everyone else's and really she doesn't need them to be powerful. Still, they're her friends and mentors, and without their guidance her emotionally-controlled powers would very easily go haywire and she could end up brutally murdering everyone she knows and loves around her.
Ryuk, a god of death, pounces for the apple.
Chaos erupts in the Congregational Dimension of the Gods.
People are screaming, killing each other with magic, trying so hard to reach that precious apple.
A giant sock puppet with an afro rises out of the ground to consume the apple, and a few goddesses kill it with fire as well as a sugoi dog puppet.
The Shinigami fight viciously for one tasty bite of the juicy delicacy, with the Shinigami King's human boyfriend diving in to grab that sweet flesh.
The Council are also in uproar, considering that Matthew just left to go make Style canon in three more dimensions and create a small army of Imaginary Kyle clones to spread Kyman across the multiverse, and now they have to deal with this apple-enchanted mess.
THEN ALL OF A SUDDEN!
Matthew has returned!
She is riding on the back of a giant rabbit, which is very racist to Lapin who is an anthro rabbit boy, and a million clone Kyles hover around her. With a press of a button on her green Meeseeks box, she sends the pack of Kyles onto the crowd.
With each Goddess and each God receiving a Kyle, everyone quickly calms down due to how cute they are. Matthew hurriedly distributes green Meeseeks boxes, also known as Kyle boxes, to everyone so that they can customise the personality and appearance of their Kyle to suit their preferences. Soon enough everyone has a different Imaginary Person near them, although of course the majority are still Kyles of various personalities and types.
Matthew smiles as her own Kyle Clone, the very original one which she initially gifted to an alternate dimension's Cartman many months ago so that she could have both Kyman and Style be canon in the same world, reaches down to take the apple from where it lay untouched on the table. Immediately it explodes into a million tiny blue sparkles.
It was a hologram, and no one actually bothered to check to see if it was before fighting over it.
Matthew laughs and rides off into the sunset on Coco (the bunny) with her darling Clone Kyle, his home dimension and Cartman being their destination.
Apples are evil. Don't trust them unless they look and taste juicy.



    Chapter Text
  Coco sat quietly in his hutch, munching on some hay. His wife, Ben (named so because her owner initially believed her to be male until she gave birth to their four children) was outside digging a hole. She was trying hard to get them out of their tiny little paradise. He didn't really mind it so much though. The girl who came to see them sometimes was nice enough. Sometimes she sang, or spoke in a variety of different languages, or even cried. But always, always, she brought them food to keep them from hunger, water to keep them from thirst and hay to keep them from the cold night air.
Ben told him that that sort of attitude would get him killed someday.
He watched her from between the crosses which made up the window of his hutch. She dug furiously, angrily, kicking up dirt and the occasional rock behind her as she worked. From time to time, he joined her. Today, he was content to watch.
She wanted to take over the world, and have all the food to herself. He thought that sounded nice. Food was nice. But he didn't really want the whole world. Once he followed her outside and they got separated. He was trapped under a big blue thing, scared for his life. The garden wasn't like that. He understood the garden. It wasn't like the rest of the big, wide, scary world.
That's where they were different.
But he loved her so, so much that she wanted him to do something, he'd do it. And of course, she loved him too. They were mates- and mates stuck side by side for the rest of their lives.
Good and evil didn't really concern a rabbit. Who cares how moral something is, or why something happens? They did whatever they wanted to do, not because someone made them do it but because they wanted it. That's why rabbits are better than humans. They don't concern themselves with the ins and outs. As long as they and their mate stay alive, everything is good.
He liked that sort of mindset.
Ben was more ambitious than him, but that was okay too. He liked her a lot.
After eating another piece of hay, Coco left the hutch to go and help his wife with the hole. Soon enough, they'd be out of there and away.
And as long as she was there with him, he wouldn't have it any other way.



    Chapter Text
  Mid-afternoon. 1.31 pm, to be precise.
The forest seemed relatively quiet. No sound had come from the ranger's intercom in several minutes. But Wallace knew better than to just sit and wait for action. There was always someone who needed her help.
One minute. Two. Three.
Time ticked by, and she waited, calmly, at the edge of the forest. Silently she went over her training, experiences gained from a life in the forest. From her childhood as a Poppy Ranger to her adulthood as a park ranger, Wallace had learned much in the ways of nature. And she had always been guided by her old mentor and idol, Ranger Dana Tabes.
Finally the intercom crackled into life. Quickly pulling it to her lips, she spoke into the receiver: "Ranger Wallace. Speak." 
"Fallen beehive in the west side campsite. Over." Whilst most would have sighed and rolled their eyes at such a mundane task, Wallace smiled at the chance to finally get some action.
"I'm on my way. Over and out." Dropping the receiver, she raced towards one of the Rangers' official cars and leapt in, turning her key into the ignition and speeding off. Since she had been asked to help over at west-side, either the problem was great or they were seriously understaffed, as she had been assigned patrol on the east side of the forest that day. Either way, she needed to get there and help out quickly.
Arriving at the campsite in record time, Wallace left the car in a feat of acrobatics which would have made an Olympic gold medalist cry. Immediately her eye was on the site, searching for the source of the danger.
 But rather than seeing people running around screaming, all she saw was a group of young women and three... bears...?
"What's going on here?" The blonde asked, eye narrowing in suspicion. As she examined each face, she realised that all of these people were people she knew. Diaz, Murphy, Parker, Nguyen... Her fellow Poppy Rangers comrades and close friends into adulthood all stood there with bright eyes and cheerful expressions. The Bears looked the same as ever, and were also standing so happily. 
By the time she realised that the imminent danger had been a ruse to get her to come there, a certain figure stepped out amongst the group.
"Tabes?" Eye widening, Wallace approached her. Despite the greying hair and few wrinkles starting to adorn her face, Tabes looked the same as ever. Still, seeing her outside of her ranger uniform was a little bewildering.
"Hey Wallace. Good to see you again." The redhead smiled widely, and Wallace found herself returning it easily. 
She'd been a ranger for a whole year exactly, and hadn't even realised it. Now all of these people from her past had come to celebrate with her, and it reminded her of just how much she loved her job and loved the people who had helped her to get there.
They spent a long time reminiscing on the past and catching up with the future until the sun started to set over the forest Wallace loved so much.



    Chapter Text
  The bitter cold of the sea closed in on the dark-haired boy as he lay, silent, just out of its sweet embrace. His breaths were slow and shallow; blood seeped from several nasty gashes adorning his flesh into the salty water which did nothing to ease the pain. Just lying there was agony. He couldn't move, or breathe, or speak. 
Memories of the previous night came and went. It was raining. There were screams. He was being chased by the people he'd once sang with, attacked by the person he admired the most, torn apart by a hundred tiny hands, clawing and ripping their way to his skin.
The Lord of the Flies. The Beast. It had warned him of such things. Of the danger hidden within a human being.
He should have arrived sooner. Acted faster. Then maybe none of this would have happened.
Maybe they'd all be okay.
The sky changed from blue to yellow to orange to red and then to black before Simon had gained enough strength to move. His wounds were still open and leaking, probably infected but he had no way of telling.
Gaining energy with each slight movement of his fingers, he slowly but surely wrenched himself from the water, cutting himself on the small, sharp rocks which had been digging into his back as he went. 
It hurt, but he made it.
The beach seemed a desolate and lonely place now that everyone he'd once known had turned against him. He wanted to go there, to see Ralph again. But he couldn't. Not yet. Not like this.
The boy painfully dragged himself towards the mountain to find shelter from the fear drifting through the icy night air.
*
The fire was violent, hot and terrifying. Ralph couldn't tell how close it was to him. His eyes were tightly shut and his arms locked in a vice-like grip around the trunk of the tree he'd climbed to hide from the hunters. Already he could tell that it had been a poor decision to stay in one place. He would be smoked out eventually, and forced to return to the ground, where the savages could get to him.
A stick sharpened at both ends.  That ever-present reminder of the consequences for being caught tugged at the corner of his mind, only fuelling the fear-induced nausea rising in his gut.
Resisting the urge to cry, Ralph held the tree even tighter than before, shuffling so that he wouldn't fall out. Somehow, he felt that this tree would protect him. 
Then he realised something.
The ululations had stopped.
Opening his eyes quickly, he scanned the area for hunters. None were present. He then heard a loud, bellowing sound, like the sound of the conch only more refined. A trumpet, perhaps.
A trumpet...
The curtain hung over his brain for a long moment as he tried to process everything that was happening. He waited, frustrated at the slow speed of his brain because something was happening and he needed to know what.
It clicked. A trumpet meant that someone had arrived on the island and was calling them. An adult. A ship. Rescue.
The thundering of feet, and suddenly hordes of savages were racing past his tree to reach the source of the noise. Ralph wanted so desperately to join them, but the fear at the forefront of his mind held him back. They could still kill him. Maybe the trumpet was another of Jack's tricks to lure him out. Maybe they found another conch.
He wouldn't be fooled.
The last pair of feet went past him, and he started to pay attention to the jungle at last. One of the first things he noticed was that the fire was starting to get much too close for comfort. Again, it took a while for him to realise what this meant for him, and with a tiny yelp he scrambled out of the tree, getting cuts and bruises on his body as he went down, and started to run once more.
A faint horn sounded up ahead. The call of a ship.
That was when it finally settled in. There hadn't been any tricks after all. He was so stupid...
Angry tears started to fall as he realised that he'd just killed himself without even realising it.
A ship had come, and it had taken everyone off the island. Everyone but him.
*
Once the threat of the hunters was gone, Ralph knew that he couldn't stop and cry. Not yet. Not while the fire was still present. Since he couldn't put it out either, the only thing he could do was head to the mountain. The top was the only place on the island where he'd be safe from those flames.
The run took all of his energy, but he made it. Screaming, crying, hating himself more with every step and injuring himself with every wrong move, he crawled and wrenched himself up the pile of pink rocks to the very top of the mountain, fear and inhibitions pushed aside in the name of survival.
Collapsing onto the smooth, flat surface of the mountain-top, he barely noticed the other person sitting there until he spoke.
"Ralph." His voice was filled with a myriad of emotions, yet at the same lacked any, probably due to spending such a long time away from other humans. Ralph looked up slowly, and came eye-to-eye with the dark-haired, green-eyed boy he'd thought was dead for so many endless weeks.
"Simon?" The blond asked weakly, still staring at the other as if he'd disappear. He didn't, instead nodding in response to the question with a small smile.
"They left you behind." Smile giving way to a frown, he kept that quiet, serious attitude that Ralph had always sort of admired in him. Sometimes he seemed to be the only person on the island capable of being perfectly composed. 
"You died." Not quite answering each other, they continued to stare in a mixture of fear, trepidation, and something else akin to the first time they'd been in that place together.
"I almost died," Simon said thoughtfully after a moment of silence, "But I didn't." 
Ralph found himself smiling bitterly despite himself, "Well, here's your chance. There's no food, no ship, no island, no nothing. We'll both die here, on this mountaintop, with no chance of rescue." 
"I meant what I said." The cryptic response caught Ralph off guard, and he frowned in confusion.
"What?" 
"On the other side of the island. When we were trying to find the Beast. That you'd get back alright."  Oh. That. How could he still believe that when they were so clearly going to die?
"That was before the island burned down." 
"Still. You'll get back." Simon continued to look at him with those deep green eyes filled with wisdom so far beyond his years, and Ralph found himself really wanting to believe his words. But it was so hard.
"It's been a long time." He said softly, moving a little closer to the dark-haired boy. He smiled with the kindness a parent might give to their misguided child, and moved so that they were right next to each other, legs touching.
"Yeah. It has."
They remained there, island in ruins below them, as the sky changed from grey to a variety of colours before finally settling to black.



    Chapter Text
  The view of the city was just as spectacular as it had been the first night Victoria ended up there. The fact the Arthur was there with her made it even better.
The student council president was looking away from her, bushy eyebrows furrowed in concentration as he tried to cast some kind of spell. Victoria watched him with a small smile as he snapped his fingers and a small rose appeared elegantly between them.
Turning to the young woman, Arthur gently placed the rose in her hair as she blushed with shy liking towards the English gentleman. "You know, as much as that bastard Francis runs around with one of these things, the rose is actually England's national flower." he murmured. She smirked at his apparent need to prove himself.
"Ah, but it looks so much better on Francis~" Grinning, she teased him in a sing song voice. He frowned at her, emerald eyes filling with irritation at her jibe.
"You take that back!" Pushing her shoulder in the most gentlemanly way possible, Victoria simply smiled and pushed him back harder. Soon enough they were sprawled on the floor laughing from the exhilaration of tsundere play-fighting.
Tucking her jet black pigtails behind her shoulders, Victoria adjusted her position so that she was comfortable and gazed up at the stars. Arthur quickly joined her.
"You ever wonder how all those stars got up there?" She asked dreamily, lost in a reverie of warmth and happiness.
"That's a stupid question. The stars were created when-" Placing a finger to the blond's lips, she ignored his muffled protests and continued to silently watch the night sky until eventually he joined her. It was only then that she removed her finger and instead joined her hand with his, surprised at the roughness of his skin.
"They're so pretty." Victoria mumbled, feeling a little light headed. Arthur mumbled something incoherent, "What was that?"
"So are you." He repeated, voice still slightly rushed. Her cheeks became hot as she tried to shake the sensation of delight from her mind.
"S-stop being so cheesy." She tried to say in a carefree manner. Arthur simply smiled and leaned closer to her.
"I wasn't. I was just being honest." Ignoring the young woman's rising blush, Arthur leaned in even closer, "And I'll be honest now in saying that I really want to kiss you." 
"H-huh? Was that a request?" Feeling incredibly flustered, Victoria found herself frantically protesting against something that she actually wanted. When Arthur just nodded, she realised that there was no point in hiding it anymore, "Well then... I g-guess I don't mind... Just make it quick, okay?" 
The smile tugging at the corners of Arthur's mouth sent a flood of warmth and renewed anxiety into her chest, but she steeled herself for the impact and slowly closed her eyes.
It wasn't long before she felt the soft press of lips against hers, and immediately every single thought she had was wiped away by the incredible unfamiliarity and unbridled delight filling up her whole being.
She opened her eyes when Arthur pulled back, and found that he was staring at her with an expression of pure shock, as if he hadn't fully registered what had just happened.
Without really thinking about it, Victoria started to laugh. Without really thinking about it, Arthur joined in.
So they sat there, laughing in the grass like crazy people, until the shock of the kiss wore off and they found that there was nothing else to do but stay in this brand new world of blooming love and fresh excitement.



    Chapter Text
  The Universe.
Large, vast and predominantly empty, it has been a mystery to mankind for millennia.
People believe in Gods. They believe in a Big Bang. They want the Truth.
But in reality, they are all wrong. There are many truths, and any could be believed because all of them are impossibly possible. No truth has any proper explanation behind it (who created God? -He always existed. how did the Big Bang start? -gravity inexplicably collapsed, causing a huge explosion), so it is easily possible that none of the truths are as honest as the people who so vehemently believe them will tell you.
In reality, there is one truth. It is not true, of course it isn't- you'd be stupid to think it was. But if magic sky people and big bangs can be true, so can this truth.
For in the centre of the Universe lies an entity of some mysterious kind. It is beyond stupid labels such as race, species, sexuality, gender and identity. It is simply whatever those who believe its truth would like it to be.
In my situation, he is a young man with a cheerful smile and a penchant for tomatoes. This is how he came to me, and how I shall refer to him throughout this book. He is the beginning, the centre, and the force of the Universe. A metaphor for magic, the energy which flows through everything and cannot be created or destroyed. Magic, matter, energy- they are all the same really.
This man is what one might call God. But he is no God. 
Upon his head of brown curls lies a turtle of a species undiscovered by mankind. This turtle has grown hair- a single blonde ahoge sprouting from the top of her head. She wears dark 8-bit sunglasses to hide the Ultimate Truth of Truths from the unfortunate's eyes. Should it be looked upon, the infinite horrors, anguish and fears of the present will kill whoever dared see it. Her name is many, but known to few. A metaphor for the ever-changing present, constantly adapting to new situations and being pressed to survive, she can never settle on one thing no matter how much she yearns for it.
On his left shoulder lies another turtle of the same kind. He does not sprout hair as his sisters do. Instead, his shell conveys images- sometimes still, sometimes moving- of memories. Memories of people, of places, of things. All cross the surface of his shell someday. He is drowning in eternal sobs, for the anguish of existence tears his soul apart and burns his will to live in an ocean of flaming tears. A metaphor for the past, and how nothing can change when it has already happened, and mistakes are always made and never undone.
On his right shoulder, there too is a turtle. Her fringe, known as bangs to some, covers the majority of her face save for her lips, rounded and plump, not the lips a turtle of humanity would possess. However, she does not possess any more hair other than this, as she is a turtle. Her hair exists for the sole purpose of concealing The Truth of the Universe from mortal eyes. Only a being such as herself is capable of holding this knowledge without going insane. A metaphor for the future, she calmly searches into the unknown for the answers to her present, drawing past and present together to create a new horizon.
The triangle, each vertex heralded by a single turtle, forms the Triangle of Tortuganity. This Triangle is what may be considered a guideline for how one should see their own ephemeral existence. The present is where you think, where you act, where you move forwards. The past is your burden to carry, yet it keeps you humble and pushes you along. The future is your foresight, searching for new ways to build your present.
And in the centre is your energy, flowing through you and keeping you alive, centralising your magic through your thoughts, feelings and desires.
Hold these metaphors close, if you will a scripture to dictate your life, or do not and feel no ill consequence. Metaphors, after all, are interpretations of what is there. Truths bent and twisted to make new truths, new connections, new life.
The future guides.
The past hides.
The presents proceeds.
And magic binds them all together into the beautiful mess which is one's mind.
No mortal lives without these things, for all have a mind no matter how misguided it has become over their lifetimes. No species is superior; none have a mind better than the other.
Death comes to us all.
This is the Truth which most believe, for it is an important Truth in understanding the Universe. Death is important, because it is a Truth. Not a truth, like the others you have heard, but a Truth. Because the stars, the planets, the animals, the plants, the galaxies, the minds and everything else which exists, even the Universe itself, exists only to await Death, and when it meets Death more come to follow it. Such is the fate of our own Universe, and any that may come after it.
Thereby, in believing in the metaphors and truths of Tortuganity, you may find that you have become impermanent, a shell floating in the foam at the base of the waterfall, waiting to be crushed by the power of the waves. That is what life feels like when you have learned many truths. But there is still much more to learn.
Each turtle holds a Truth close to them. These Truths are vitally important in understanding the Universe, or so this scripture says. Others may argue. But truths are metaphors, and Truths are no more significant than truths. Only Truths will set your mind ablaze faster, perhaps, for they are different to the truths you have heard in times past.
Close your eyes. Count for an indefinite time. Breathe. Breathe. Open your eyes. Be willing to listen to the truths of this scripture. You do not have to accept these truths, for there are far too many to accept them all. But listen to them. Listen, and wait. By the last page, you will hopefully notice that these truths, should they be true, have an effect on life. For truths are all the same, and no matter what you believe you shall die and find out if your truth was correct.
It probably wasn't. For no truths are ever truly right. 
Such is the nature of the Universe.



    Chapter Text
  I'm dead.
That was Simon's first thought when he sat up in the blistering heat and burning sun of somewhere which looked absolutely nothing like Heaven. To be fair, it didn't really look like Hell either other than the intense heat. In fact, what it looked like was... a jungle?
He took a breath. He felt alive. But he wasn't. Definitely not. That train had been going so fast that he had to have died for sure. Remembering the teenage girl he'd grabbed onto, he silently prayed to God (or whatever force had placed him in a jungle) that she was alive and safe. That he hadn't caused two deaths trying to prevent one.
The sun was so bright. It felt nice to breathe. Even nicer to have all four of his limbs attached to his body. The harrowing image of one of his arms flying past his face returned to him. He'd jumped at an awkward angle, and it had just fallen off as if it wasn't attached to his shoulder by skin and bone in the first place.
Simon looked down, and found a pool of still, glassy water, turned green slightly from being stagnant. He involuntarily yelped in surprise.
He was a child. A child, only about eight or nine- I'm ten. His brain told him. 
Oh. Okay.
Wait, what?
New, completely different memories flooded the existing ones, and for a moment he felt dizzy. Yes, that's right. He was Simon. Ten years old, epileptic, soprano, gay but he wished he wasn't, the boys surrounding him in a similar state to him when he first woke up were the rest of his choir. 
Oh. Okay.
So now he had two sets of memories. But he wasn't the twenty-six-year-old botanist with an army of houseplants and one cat in his tiny apartment- who was going to feed his cat? Water his plants? Clean everything? No. Wait. He wasn't that person anymore.. He was a ten-year-old choirboy stranded in a jungle after what seemed to be a plane crash, and he was also Jesus. And most importantly, he was alive.
He rose to his feet, shakily, and felt a pair of scalding eyes on him. Turning, he found himself face to face with a complete stranger. Another boy, thirteen or fourteen perhaps? No. Twelve. Just tall for his age. Jack Merridew, their chapter chorister and very proud of the fact that he could sing C#. Simon could manage a G at best and sang an octave above Merridew, but the C# was admittedly quite impressive.
Bowing before his great leader (actually just staring awkwardly and hoping that he remembered more about him than his name and vocal range soon), Simon waited for him to say something. He seemed just as confused as the boy himself.
"The plane crashed." He muttered, not really directed at Simon but more so to himself. 
He responded anyway.
"I think so." His voice was so high pitched! No wonder he could manage a G at best. He really wanted to sing. His real (was that the right word?) self most certainly could not.
"We need to find out where we ended up." That was directed at him. He nodded calmly. Merridew, frowning at the lack of conversation, turned on his heel, black cloak flapping behind him, and barked an order at the other choirboys to get them into formation. Simon followed, finding that he knew everyone there, that they had done all of this before. And by the looks of it, no one else remembered who they were before they died. Well, he assumed that they were dead too. Otherwise, what was this?
*
The walk was agonising, but Simon didn't complain. It gave him time to think, and the island (probably an island) was beautiful. The choir were wearing grey shorts which some blond bishonen would be admiring later, as well as white button-up shirts with collars and ties. On top of that was a dark grey jumper, and then a black cloak with a hambone frill. Some were wearing fancy breeches which appeared to be optional (they were optional; Simon didn't want his mother to waste money on them when she needed it for Vincent's college fees) and everyone had long white socks which were probably some kind of crime to wear in modern times.
The year was apparently 1954, Simon apparently had two brothers (one older, one younger) and a sister (younger), his father was dead, and he attended a boarding school where the choir wore a choir uniform over their uniform at all times for some non-apparent reason. Why was the choir on the plane anyway? It was an evacuation plane from a non-existent nuclear war, England had been destroyed by a non-existent atom bomb and why was he living in England? In the 'real world', Simon had lived in Greece until he was thirteen, but in this reality he had lived in England since he was three and spoke English completely fluently. 
Yes, lots of time for thinking. The differences between his memories were large, and the longer the murder of crows trudged across the violently hot foliage terrain, the longer he began to see himself as 'choirboy Simon' as opposed to 'plant Simon'. He still didn't understand half of what was happening in this world. It was nothing like the one back home. Did the Soviet Union declare war on England here? He really couldn't tell. 
The dark haired child missed his non-existent siblings. It hurt to see them as non-existent now. Vincent, the older one. Named after his father. A weird name considering that it wasn't Greek. Ned, the younger one. His name was Nikolos, but everyone called him Ned, which wasn't even short for Nikolos. Marina, his sister. Everyone called her May due to a mispronunciation which stuck as a nickname. 
It didn't make any sense. He didn't make any sense. He was dead! He'd seen his own arm get severed from his shoulder by a train! The train which killed him! 
His thoughts were interrupted when the choir stopped, someone begged Merridew to let them rest and he suddenly found himself falling to the ground as the world turned black.
*
It had been months, and Simon couldn't remember anything from the time when he first arrived on the island and thought he was dead. Well, he remembered that, but not anything which happened in 'his other life'. It was probably a hallucination or a dream caused by the fall. Maybe he had concussion. That made sense. It wasn't the first time, after all.
But the thought of trains still made him nervous.
Already, the island which had seemed so beautiful at first sight was suddenly a dark and dangerous place. He was afraid of the people around him. His own choir. People he'd sang with for years, people he'd known for so long. They scared him.
And another thing? He was in love. With Ralph. The straightest person ever (he told himself that, but at the same time his initial relationship with Jack had been rather... questionable) and Public (island-wide) Enemy No. 1. Jack hated him. Their breakup had not gone well at all.
So he spent every day hiding his feelings and trying to survive in a place which hated him. But at the same time, he hated himself for still thinking it the most beautiful place in the world. Despite being humiliated by Jack at The Meeting (it was the most important since the start of the island; it deserved those capitals) and chastised by Ralph for his own suspicious activated in the dark, he didn't stop sneaking out to his place in the jungle. He preferred sleeping there than in the shelters surrounded by the screams of savages and children, the silent sobs of homesickness uttered by biguns who desperately didn't want anyone else to hear them because big boys don't cry.
He was there that night, staring at the candle buds and finding that he couldn't sleep at all. The air was tense. A storm was brewing, and he knew that something big was going to happen the following day. He just needed to know what.
A rustling in the bushes startled him, and he hid himself away from whatever it was. No one could have followed him, right? He made sure...
"So this is where you've being going every night." Apparently he wasn't very good at making sure. Ralph's voice was soft, but it sounded like a scream against the silence of the island at night. Panic and excitement battled in Simon's heart at being caught by the blond. He swallowed, letting calm overrule them both.
"I like it out here." He wanted to apologise, but it wouldn't do any good. He wouldn't have meant it. To his utter shock, Ralph approached him silently and sat near him. A respectful distance away. He wished he were closer.
"It's dangerous. The others... I think their camp is near here." His pause after mentioning 'the others' gave his fear away. Even their leader was afraid. But Simon had already known that.
"They won't see me. No one else does," He stopped to consider added something to that. He decided that he would, "...Except you apparently."
Ralph stared at him, the blue of his eyes seeming grey in the darkness.
"I remember you." He said. It didn't sound like a normal statement.
"From where?" Flickers of a blond college student, beer cans and a television. But it wasn't like the televisions rich people had. It seemed... even more advanced. Suddenly Ralph looked older. He looked like someone else. But it was still him. Noticing that Simon hadn't treated him as if he was crazy, Ralph replied.
"I don't know. Not for sure. It's all fuzzy... But I definitely remember you. We were alone, at a train station in some town at night. I-I know that sounds crazy, but it couldn't have been anyone else..." Ralph stopped rambling. He looked self-conscious. The word 'train' made Simon flinch. He remembered a scream, someone running. A face, terrified. His arm. It wasn't there.
Train.
He'd tried to pull him back onto the platform, when the girl had screamed and shoved him, knocking him over the edge.  She was sobbing. She'd wanted to die, and someone had prevented it. Now he was over the edge, but that blond mop of hair and the blue eyes he knew so well were holding him in place. Their arms were joined. Pulling, pulling. Falling, falling. The train was coming. The force pulled him in. And they both died for it, arm in severed arm.
Simon stared back at Ralph, recognition, fear and disgust in his eyes. It wasn't disgust at Ralph. It was disgust at the fact that he'd seen him die and not remembered it. 
They just stared at each other, two old friends who had died trying to save someone on the same night. Their old lives and their afterlives clashed viciously in the dim moonlight peering through the dark clouds.
"I killed you." Simon breathed, the faintest of whispers in the dark.
Silence. Then there wasn't silence.
"No. I killed myself trying to help you." Ralph responded bluntly. He didn't sound sad or regretful. Only matter-of-fact, because that's what happened.
"You got dragged underneath that train." A bubble of laughter rose inside of him, and he had no idea why. Ralph seemed to feel it too, because he was already starting to laugh.
"Your arm got cut off." At that, both of them just burst into laughter, mad overjoyed giggles because they were fucking alive!

  Once their insane laughter at their own unfortunate deaths subsided, Simon rose from the mat of creepers and stood before Ralph. Hesitation as they both waited with bated breath for what would happen next.


  "I used to be taller than you." Was all Simon could think to say. It was true. He had been the taller of the two, and made light of it whenever they got horribly drunk on a weekend (unfortunately this happened far too often for either of their likings). 


  "You used to swear." Ralph simply replied. It was true. Simon hadn't been the most innocent of people in college. Ah, that's right. They were roommates. That's how they knew each other. 


  For a moment, nothing was said. Then they smiled at each other.


  That line sounded rather familiar. Hadn't they done that before? On page 121? Shadows and Tall Trees? Just before Roger of all people interrupted their shipping moment?


  Yes. It did happen. It most certainly did happen, and it happened again.


  "None of this is real, is it?" Simon said softly.


  "Nope." Ralph grinned, and his heart lit up. Huh. So he was still in love with him. Actually, now that his memories were returning to him once more he vaguely remembered being in love with him when he died. In fact, wasn't he going to confess when they got to that place they were travelling to on the goddamn train?


  "Then I can kiss you and it won't matter?" Smirking coyly, the childlike innocence quickly left him at the prospect of finally doing what he'd wanted to do for so long (yes, that was a double entendre, but it was unintentional). Ralph blushed for a moment, startled. And then he smiled yet again, eyes darkening.


  "Go ahead." 


  Leaning forward with the slightest of smirks remaining on his face, Simon-


  *


  -woke up, eyes wide and terrified. He looked around for Ralph, and gasped when he saw him sitting there, a haunted look in his eyes. Their eyes met, and just like in the dream (was it even a dream? It had to be real..) they stared at each other for some time. This time round, they were both adults.


  A voice interrupted them.


  "Can you pay attention please? I have a lot to get through here!" The impatient tone which succeeded in capturing both boys' attention seemed to come from a floating, glowing blue crystal. Okay. She huffed, apparently capable of doing so despite being a crystal.


  "Finally. Right, so from the data we've garnered, Purgatory 2.0 v.19999945661954 is a complete failure, absolutely chock full of bugs and most definitely needs to be reviewed," Upon seeing their matching confused expressions, she sighed, "By that I mean that both of you could remember your lives. The entire purpose of Purgatory is to determine whether people should be in Heaven or Hell! We judge that based on who you are, not what you've done. Oh, and by the way the Bible is a lie." She added the last comment flippantly as she used plot-convenient telekinesis to write notes on an old-fashioned clipboard hovering in midair and engulfed in a blue light.


  "So we're in some kind of simulation?" Hearing Ralph's real voice was surreal at this point. 


  "Yes. That's what Purgatory is. And you two were straight on course to Heaven before you basically created Hell on your own." She actually telepathically  face-palmed without having any hands at the confusion still written on their faces.


  "Okay. Lemme explain this properly. When you die, you are turned into a child, given a fake backstory and forced to spend several months on an island. The way you live on this island and interact with others in your 'team'- people who died at the same time as you-  determines what your afterlife will be. Or afterafterlife I guess? Whatever, it's called Purgatory regardless," Neither boy (man???) said anything, so she continued using the summary of the AU as a lazy method of exposition,


  "Your second death triggers a dream. In the dream, should you achieve Heaven, you will get your most embedded and prominent desires granted, your dreams and wishes literally unfolding before your very eyes. If you end up in Hell, your worst nightmares and most grave mistakes will haunt you until you fix them, allowing you to earn their way into Heaven by making your dreams come true," Explanation finished, Simon started to say something, but then she angrily added another line,


  "The memories of your first life can be present in either reality depending on who you are and how you lived your life. Which is why you guys broke the whole thing through some bug! Now Purgatory is totally wrecked, with Heaven and Hell happening to everyone at once. I mean, Maurice is now shipped with Bill, the guy who rescues you even though the island ISN'T ON FIRE YET and Roger, who is also shipped with Jack who should have been shipped with you!" At that she pointed furiously at Ralph, who just gave her a sceptical look in response.


  Rolling her non-existent eyes, the crystal opened a control pad in the pristine white wall, pulling it free and approaching them with a single aquamarine button lit up in front of them. 


  "Mm'kay, press this and you guys can Coral Island the heck out of your Heaven. Go make love to the Gary Stu Jack whatever-his-surname-was or something." Yawning (apparently she could yawn too), the crystal fangirled over creek as she waited for them to contemplate this and push the goshdarn button.


  "It was Martin. Jack Martin. And neither of us are ever going to do that." Simon said with bluntness not usually associated with his character.


  "Whatever. Go enjoy your Heaven." 


  Before anything else could be said, Ralph pressed the button and they both disappeared.


  *


  So they spent forever on a new island, a place where they could be happy. The people on the island were Ralph, Piggy and Simon. They picked flowers, had a farm of pigs, raised the littluns, and had a good time.


  The end xd




    Chapter Text
  Another party. Again, Clyde had aggressively dragged both Stan and Kyle to it, saying that it was a character-building life-enhancing experience. All they'd done so far was sit in a circle with a lot of drunk and possibly high people in their grade whilst even more drunk people tried and failed to dance to the ridiculously shitty pop music blaring out of the speakers all around them.
The one good thing about it was that Wendy was there. Stan had broken up with her just a few days earlier, but already he was regretting it. They were now sitting opposite each other, awkwardly exchanging glances and shy looks as everyone around them collectively internally groaned. Stan and Wendy's turbulent relationship had been interesting at first, but now that they were in high school and it was still turbulent, it was more of an inconvenience than anything. Something everyone could bitch about behind their backs.
Stan was so wrapped up in thoughts of how he could win Wendy back that he didn't realise Clyde had started addressing the whole group until Kyle nudged him out of his reverie. He readily turned his attention the the over-zealous brunet.
"So, everyone, I was thinking that we could play a game." He spoke in a slurred, melodramatic tone. A few people clapped and cheered. Stan groaned. Whenever they 'played games' at parties the circle ended up becoming either a Creek yaoi fan club or an excuse for everyone to have sex 'because it was for the game'. Generally he and Kyle would slip out quietly before anyone could protest and drag them back. But sometimes he stayed. Back when he and Wendy were together, anyway.
"These 'games' are always bullshit." Kyle stated bluntly. Turning to him, Stan saw a deadpan expression which would rival Craig. Okay, maybe it wasn't Craig good, but it was pretty impressive for such an emotional person.
"Aww, don't be like that! It'll be fun!" Clyde slurred, spurred on by the drunken encouragements of the rest of the circle. Wendy didn't seem so excited however. Thank God.
Eventually the yells became so overbearing that Kyle just sighed and said, "Fine. But don't say I didn't warn you.". Again, everyone screamed in excitement. 
When Clyde announced that they were playing Spin the Bottle and went into a dramatised version of the rules for the few newcomers who had excitedly joined the circle upon hearing the screams, Kyle leaned into Stan and whispered "We should get out of here before they rope us into this" into his ear. 
The warmth of his breath felt weirdly nice, and the ravenette found that he didn't want him to pull back. But he did, and quickly too. Shaking off the weird thoughts and nodding vaguely in Kyle's direction, Stan hurriedly turned back to Wendy. Since they were playing Spin the Bottle, maybe he could win her back by getting them paired. But how? 
No idea. Shit.
Then an empty bottle of Jameson Irish whiskey (at least they had good taste) was placed in the centre, and he was forced to just wait it out and pray that he would end up with her. 
Unfortunately (or fortunately?) the game continued for a long time without either of them being chosen. Bebe was landed upon three times, indicating some kind of bias, and entered full make out sessions with anyone who happened to be paired up with her. Kenny was the only one of the three who returned with more vigour than her. Tweek and Craig were also chosen, resulting in a lot of screaming from the former as the latter attempted to calm him down before they finally kissed (for about 0.2 seconds  until Tweek screeched and ran off in a flustered state of panic, Craig quickly going after him). Thank God he didn't end up with someone other than Craig. Like Cartman, for example (who, luckily for everyone else, wasn't playing).
Now that more people had gotten bored of the game and left, it was really only the people who hadn't been kissed yet who were still participating. Wendy was still giving Stan looks, although now they seemed a little more suggestive than shy- was she drunk? Did Wendy Testaburger even get drunk? Yeah, probably.
Looking to Kyle, he noticed that the ginger seemed agitated. It was most likely due to the very small amount of people left in the circle and the state of drunkenness most partygoers were at this point. Their movements has changed from mild platonic dancing to pure lust-fuelled grinding. A terrifying sight to behold. 
At least the game had distracted them from joining the crowd. 
Clyde, ignoring Token's attempts to take him home, grinned wickedly as he set the bottle up for another spin. "T-this is the lasssst time, mm... mm'kay?" His speech sounded even more broken than before. That whiskey bottle wasn't the same one they'd started with. At least he didn't see the party as shit, unlike everyone else. Actually that whiskey seemed pretty good right then.
As Clyde twirled the bottle with ease, Stan watched it closely as it spun round, coming closer and closer to him... 
It stopped just before him. On Kyle. 
The soft 'shit' from the redhead was only audible to him as everyone around them 'ooooed' and Bebe winked suggestively. Kyle actually seemed to flinch a little. Stan felt slightly guilty for not just leaving with him earlier, but the irritation of not getting conveniently paired with Wendy was more prominent as it made the entire party completely pointless. 
A sudden, unprovoked thought of Wendy and Kyle together sent a flood of jealousy through his mind. He didn't want them to be together. Then a slightly different thought entered his mind. What if instead of Wendy and Kyle, it was him-
Cheers, gasps and screams erupted throughout the circle, forcing the party back into focus. Stan looked for the source of their excitement, only realising what it was when his eyes fell upon the bottle's neck, staring him down from its position on the floor.
The bottle had landed on him.
Gaze flickering to Kyle, he noticed that the redhead was getting increasingly flustered and firmly avoiding his gaze. He felt the same, wondering if they could just do some kind of forfeit. He looked at Wendy. There was a warning in her deep brown eyes- if he went through with this, they were done. They weren't even together anymore. Oddly enough, anger flared up inside of him at the possessiveness in that look she gave him. He didn't need her! He could be with someone else just fine!
And then all of his feelings dissipated because Kyle's hand was in his hair and he was pulling him closer. Just before their lips met, he whispered a quiet apology, between them. 
Stan barely had time to think 'what the fuck?' before his best friend was kissing him in a room full of people. 
He didn't even have time to kiss back, because almost instantly Kyle pulled back, face obscured by crimson. 
"Dude. What the fuck?" 
Well, at least he finally said it.



    Chapter Text
  Unity lay in bed, staring up at the ceiling. She also sat on a hill looking out at the stars, and he also stood at the bank of one of the many rivers staring pensively at the water. It was everywhere, thinking about everything.
But always its thoughts returned to Rick.
The hive mind felt guilty for leaving him. It missed him. But at the same time, it knew that it couldn't exist as more than a singular entity with Rick around. So by being with him, Unity denied its own existence. 
It really missed him. 
The rainbow coloured liquid swirling in its drink held its gaze in an inescapable grasp.
But at the same time, it felt completely captivated by the beauty of nature. 
And it was also held in a trance by the strange music coming from its otherworldly violin-like instrument (it literally came from a different planet, so it was otherworldly)
Feeling an existential crisis coming on, Unity put down all of the things it was holding and guided itself to safe places to sleep. It needed to think. Away from Beta Seven, away from David Prime, away from Rick...
It hoped Summer and Morty were okay.
No! That was technically, sort of thinking about Rick.
Collectively sighing, it closed its millions of eyes and tried to drift off, which was hard considering that it was made up of several insomniacs. But trying to get everyone on the planet to sleep at once was a much-needed distraction from all of the drama of its turbulent love life. 
So it slept, and forgot about the recent months for a little while, until the first early riser awoke and a day of thought started up again.



    Chapter Text
  The knocking on the door was insistent. 
As the tears fell from Michael's eyes, he found that he just wanted to curl up in a ball and hide. He wished that the knocking would just stop. The entire party had been so awkward, and he really wanted to bail. 
He wanted to blame Jeremy, but he found that he couldn't. The knocking was so loud. His anxiety was building up, and he just needed to get out.
Building up courage after splashing water from the dirty sink into his face, he swung the door open, hoping that whoever it was was too drunk to see the red in his eyes. But if not, he could just pretend he was high or something... Maybe...
He gasped when he found himself face-to-face with Jeremy. Immediately Michael could tell that he was completely wasted, stumbling slightly and staring at him with unfocused eyes. "M-Michael..." he mumbled, voice slurred.
Definitely drunk.
With the SQUIP infecting his mind, who knew what he was going to say next. But what if he wanted to apologise? That was what persuaded Michael to stay. Better than being alone in the bathroom having a panic attack.
"mm... S... orry..." There it was. An apology. The tears almost returned, but the ravenette forced them back. He steeled himself.
"Do you know what you're apologising for?" God, he sounded so stupid. The panic from being in that awful bathroom hadn't gone away just yet. He felt dizzy.
"The SQUIP... It's talking in some other language... I'm so wasted..." Laughing drunkenly, Jeremy just stood in front of him and he had no idea what to say to that. But if the SQUIP wasn't speaking English, maybe he didn't have to listen to it! Smiling faintly, he looked at his ex-best friend and hoped that there was still a chance to save him, drunk as he was.
"C'mon. We should get out of here." Stepping out of the fricking bathroom, Michael put an arm around Jeremy, who fell into the touch. He didn't seem to be able to walk properly. Memories of all the other times they'd done this all the other parties they'd been to warmed his heart, and just being with Jeremy again felt good. He hoped that he could find some sort of way to stop the SQUIP before his ex-best friend sobered up and it started to work again.
Together they walked out the door, away from all the drunken people and the music of the party. Jeremy smiled gratefully, and Michael smiled back. It was nice to be half of a pair again instead of flying solo. He'd missed it more than he realised.



    Chapter Text
  Lunch time had always been the craziest part of the day for Peter and his best friend San. They shared most classes together, which was fine, but at lunch they were with their third best friend, Naval J. Troll, for an unnecessarily long time. 
Peter arrived first, as usual, and sat down at their typical table. No one else approached him. Despite girls and sometimes boys giving him looks of open admiration from across the room, people never dared to go near the table of the most insane person in school. Biting into his ham sandwich, he waited for San to show.
He did, racing into the canteen with his brown locks bobbing up and down as he ran. When he reached the table he was barely breaking a sweat. Grinning weakly, he took the seat next to Peter. Their shoulders brushed together, and a blush heated his cheeks.
"Hey. NT not here yet?" San asked as he pulled a small purple ticket out of his hand. Peter frowned and took it from him. His eyes widened, "H-hang on! What are you doing with that?" The blond teenager huffed irritably.
"Buying you a better lunch, of course. The food they give you for free is always the worst. And no, he's not yet. That always means he's planning something weird, so be careful." Peter glanced down at his best friend to see the alarmed look in his hazel eyes and the faint redness of his face. So he'd accidentally embarrassed him. Great.
"Y-you don't have to waste your money on me... I'll be fine. Honest." That was a lie and they both knew it. San worked for a sleazy mechanic on the other side of town. They never got any business due to hardly anyone owning a car, but the shop attached to the repair yard was fairly popular. Still, no child would be working there unless they were really desperate. The brunet skirted around the issue anytime Peter asked him about it, but he knew that something was wrong at home and he needed to support his best friend as much as he could.
After all, you do anything for the one you love, right?
Yes. That's right. Peter Oxenstierna, strict Catholic, pure, disciplined, smart, handsome, their school's Golden Boy, was a raging homosexual. And what made it even worse was that the boy he'd so sinfully fallen for was none other than his best friend since Year 2, San. No last name. He didn't have one. It was just San.
Just as he was about to respond to the brunet's awful lie, a loud scream tore across the canteen. Everyone around them ignored it. They were used to it by now. But the two boys looked up to greet their Captain.
"BOOOOOOOOOOOOYYYYYYYYYYSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!! I'M GONNA TAKE YOU GUYS ON A...." That dramatic pause sent a chill down Peter's spine. Anytime Naval Troll (that was his real name; and despite his parents both having normal names with the surname 'Clive'; Naval Troll did not seem to share this. Calling him Naval would offend him so deeply that he'd accidentally blow up the entire school, so everyone just left it) paused dramatically, he was going to cause some drama.
"DATE-O!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Peter inadvertently face-palmed, whilst San's jaw dropped.
Sliding elegantly across seven tables as the students sitting at them screamed in disgust, NT stopped just in front of them, bowing to the people who gave him such incredulous stares.
"And why, Chief, would we ever, ever agree to that?" The blond asked slowly, watching the amber of his Captain's eyes flicker like a freshly ignited fire. His brilliantly groomed, jet black moustache which he had apparently been born with and never brushed once, twitched in response to the question.
A weird moment of silence. 
Then he yelled, "BECCCCCAAAAAAAAAUSE!!!!!!!! I SHIP you guys!"
 More silence.
Then San slowly said, "So... Why does that mean we have to go on a date with you?"
NT gave them an amazing poker face. Peter hadn't even really he was capable of such a lack of expression.
"BECCCCCAAAAAAAAAUSE!!!!!!!! You BOYS are going on THE date, AND I'm WATCHING you!" Peter's hand made its way to his face yet again. Several times.
Finally he gained the composure to speak, sneaking at quick glance at the adorable blush on San's face as he did so. He wished that he was gay too.
"You know that this is 1940-something, and two guys going on a date is illegal, right?" The look on Naval Troll's face indicated that no, he did not know that. 
"Wait, WHAT? I thought IT was 2018!!!!!!!!!!!!!" xd
"No, it's 1945 and we're in post-WW2 England, in a canteen, talking about homosexuality which is apparently a sin." San calmly stated, moving to take the free meal ticket from Peter. He darted away.
"B-but FREE MEAL TICKETS don't EXIST yet!" NT's expression would have been hilarious had it not been NT.
"Yes, yes they do. They've existed since 1907. Except they were only purple tickets in the 70s, meaning that this entire school isn't historically accurate." Peter also remained calm as he broke the fourth wall effortlessly. None of them really needed to stay behind the fourth wall considering the nature of their universe, so they broke it often just for fun. 
"T-that's JUST not true!" Tears were forming in the boy's eyes. His voice was that of a fully grown man's, however. The fact that being half angel had made parts of him immortal was really weird. The moustache, the voice and the Naval Chest. Nothing else was immortal, only those three things. Strange.
(r Things. Exist in this universe.) 
"Regardless of whether it's true or not Chief, we're 12 and being gay is like, totally illegal." The brunet remarked from his seat, having given up on arguing with Peter. The blond boy always won anyway. Really he should have been the captain of their future naval crew, but NT's astonishing personality meant that he shone out like the sun in the night sky, making him the perfect naval captain for their ragtag crew of a selkie, a Death Note owner, a pirate, a flag, a talking sentient author-insert Realm Crystal, a cute girl who was actually a boy and not really that cute appearance-wise, a Shinigami-turned-machine gun and the Antichrist. 
Crackfics, everyone. Welcome to them.
So they ended up not going on that date, but fortunately five years later when Peter found out the truth about San's job (turns out he actually had three, one of which was much less than savoury), they ended up getting together as he helped the brunet to achieve a happier life. It was a few weeks later, on July 17th 1950, that the crew of three joined the naval training academy, and by February 21st 1951, they were a legitimate naval crew. By that point Chrystie the Realm Crystal had joined them, and it was because of her that Judon and Mecha (a man and a machine gun respectively. They had been happily married for several months when they joined the crew.) ended up being a part of the crew as well.
As for the flag, it rocked up about 1952, and finally our seventh (technically sixth since the flag doesn't really count despite its yandere tendencies) crew member was discovered in 1954. Despite this, the first time he joined the crew on an expedition was in 1959 (aged 16) and he became an official member in 1961, ten years after the first expedition. It had been a whirlwind of an adventure, and finally it drew to a close.
Apparently that's what happened after Naval Troll burst into the canteen screaming about shipping his two best friends when they were all twelve years old and attending a school in a town in a war-ravaged country in the year 1945.
The end???



    Chapter Text
  In the far off rando of Amerika rivued a puresident cawrudu DONARUDO TURUMPU!!!!!!
Turumpu-tan daisukied his countury with purido. In facto, he daisukied it so much that 1 day he discovurued a magikaru amureto that arrowed him 2 bcum a MAGIKARU GURU!!!!!!!! and sav amerika from eviru furiendoshippu-h8ting bakas (riek obama-kun)
so owaru tayaru BEGINS!!!!!!! xd
Turumpu-tan warukued arowunued Amerika happiry. BUT DEN!!!!!!! an eviru obama showed up 2 revivu OBAMACARU!!!!!!! Nuuuuuuuuuuuuu yerued turumpu-tan.
the h8er arumi was 2 big 4 turumpu-ran 2 handoru aruonu! so he was forucued 2 findo sum moru h8ed poriticaru readeru-desus 2 fite w/him agenst the H8ERS!!!!!!
W/ a gurin the size of yuruopa, Turumpu-tan SUMONUED DA H8 SCUWADDO!!!!!!!
SADDAM HUSANE- CHAN!!!!!!!
OSAMA BIN RADENO-KUN!!!!!!!!
VURAMDIMIRARU PUTINO-SAN!!!!!!!!
KIM JONG UNO- SENSEI!!!!!!!!
BORISU JONOSONU-KOUHAI!!!!!!!!
ADORUFU HITORERU-SENPAI!!!!!!!!!!
AND...
DONARUDO TURUMPU-TAN!!!!!!!!!!!
Da Scuwaddo was assemburued!!!!! Turumpu-tan turnurued 2 his compadureis xd.
"We need The Wall!" Turumpu-tan tuweeted.
Evury1 curappued. He sumiurued happiry.
"The entire United States is within range of our nuclear weapons, and a nuclear button is always on my desk. This is a reality, not a threat." 
"Baka" sed saddam, hoo doesn't neeo cuwotus becoz he is on soutu paruko.
"XD" hiturer sumiorued.
Den OBAMA appeurued!!!!!!! O.o
HE SUMONED A BAKA WEPON!!!!!!!
IT WAS....
TUMBURUER!!!!!!!!
The sjws frew fromu tumburer with energy and vigour, desperaratu 2 get theiru hands on the h8 scuwaddo.
BUT THE INTERUNETO CAN NEVERU DEFEAT H8 ARONU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
h8 scuwaddo nuked tumburuer &amp; Obama.
human naturer won.
BUT WAIT!
WAT IS DAT???????
IT IS...
HARAMBE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Harmabe bravely swooped in from Heaven, defeated the hate squad, fixed the grammar issues, turned all weeaboos into regular otakus, cured all mental health problems, cured cancer, cured AIDS, cured all other diseases, solved world hunger, ended all wars and saved all people from their suffering by achieving enlightenment through his sacrifice to the world.
Trust in Harambe, and he will trust in you.
Don't trust Harambe? He will still trust in you.
Don't trust the Hate Squad. Because one day, they will defeat Harambe.
Until then... Stay strong. Stay might. And he will show u de wey.



    Chapter Text
  "I CHIME IN WITH A 'HAVEN'T YOU GUYS HEARD OF, CLOSING THE GODDAMN DOOR?'" Brendon Urie's voice was a scream in Tara's ear as she bobbed her head to the agonisingly loud music, long black hair moving in time to the best.
The blue streaks in her hair shone brightly in the dank, trash-filled gap between the main school building and the gym hall. The trash cans around her were overflowing, and mice scurried from piece to piece searching for something edible. 
She was cutting class; but she'd never cared about school anyway.
Taking a drag of her cigarette, Tara allowed a cloud of grey smoke to fly out into the cold air. She hated winter.
Silence filled the air around her, but she was too absorbed in the final chorus of 'I Write Sins Not Tragedies' to notice. This place suited her, however. It was the perfect inspiration for the poetry she wrote for tumblr about the blackness of her soul. 
Tara liked to call herself an 'emo', but really that was just her taste in music and fashion sense. Actually, she just hated life in general. It was so boring, so empty, so monotonous.
She wanted out. And soon.
As she allowed herself to sing the final line of the song, cigarette held lightly between two fingers, she failed to notice the whirlwind of colour dashing round the corner and approaching her at high speed until it hit her in the face.
She screamed, leaping back in shock. Then she immediately slapped hands over her mouth, pale face turning bright crimson in mortification as her cigarette fell to the ground forgotten.
There in front of her was another girl, about an inch taller than her with sandy curls reaching just past her shoulders. One of her eyes was a brilliant sky blue, whilst the other was a completely unnatural crimson.
The next thing Tara noticed about her was her outfit. A pink dress with what might have been a hoop to keep it rounded; a brown collar which had absolutely no purpose other than to hold a small golden bell at her neck; brown laces on her pockets for no reason whatsoever; pink Mary Jane shoes with accompanying pink &amp; brown tights; and a hat in the shape of a cat with ears and a 'kawaii' face. 
Tara had seen that girl before. Everyone had. Izumi Hitoru, real name Tina Crudite, complete freak and arguably the world's biggest weeaboo ever to exist. 
"Ah! Osumimasen! Um... Watashi... didn't mean to interrupt?" Tina smiled sheepishly at her inability to speak entirely in Japanese. Tara just sighed, flipping those straight raven-black locks in irritation.
"Just get out of here already." She muttered, stubbing out her dropped cigarette as she pulled out a fresh one.
"Ehhhhhhhhhhhh?! But, matte matte, onegai shimasu! Watashi wa Izumi! And... and... senpai finally noticed me! So... anata has to at least give watashi a chance, hai?" The overwhelming cringe of the girl's dialogue hurt the ravenette's ears enough for her to turn her music right back on. 'LA Devotee' was the next song on the playlist. Great. One of her favourites. Tina pouted with mock anger, but relented and leaned against the wall next to the other girl. Tara tried to ignore her. Her slightly taller stature was an insult on her dignity.
It was a solid ten minutes before Tina's rambling inner dialogue (which was most definitely happening out loud) annoyed Tara enough for her to pause Panic! and tell her to shut the hell up before she rammed a lit cigarette down her throat.
"Ah! Osumimasen senpai! Watashi will be more careful next time!" Pulling her hand up into a peace sign, the brunette (blond? Her hair was a confusing colour) winked cheerfully. Finally, Tara ripped out her headphones and turned to face the girl, one hand holding her cigarette and the other on her hip.
"Why are you here?" She asked in her best monotone (she'd been practicing- not that she'd admit that to anyone). Tina's eyes widened comically as her face lit up into a dazzling smile. The ravenette tried not to murder her before she could respond.
"Well... This is where people come to think, right?" Despite the typical 'anime girl' tone of voice that the weeaboo employed, she actually didn't speak in broken Japanese for once. Instead, she just seemed sort of... broken.
Now that piqued Tara's interest.
"This is my place to think. Not 'people's'." She corrected bluntly, secretly hoping that Tina would say something interesting.
"Oh... O-osumi... masen..." Pausing, she took a deep breath and gently removed her red contact lens. To Tara's surprise, the eye underneath was hazel with only a segment being the same blue as her right eye. 
"You... actually have heterochromia?" Tina brightened at finally receiving the attention she so desperately craved, smiling delightedly at the other girl.
"Yes! But I wanted a red eye to be like Kobato-chan in Haganai, because she's an otaku like me! Brown's totally boring..." She repeated her dramatic pout from earlier, although her speech still hadn't returned to the typical weeaboo-speak.
"It's not boring." The ravenette replied softly. 
At that, the weeaboo scowled. A real, genuine scowl.
"Shut up!" She yelled, voice filled with an unnatural fire. Tara inadvertently flinched, "I hate it when people say stuff like that. 'It's not boring', 'You're not annoying', 'Of course I like you'... People just say what they think you want to hear, and it never helps! When you can tell they're lying, it makes you feel even worse! I have a dick friend who like, totally does that all the time and I hate it!" 
Tara found herself staring at the strange girl with wide eyes and an open mouth. She really hasn't expected that sort of outburst.
"Sorry..." She started; lost confidence; started again, " Sorry. I get it, really. People do that to me all the time too. I mean, why lie when the person you're talking to will see right through it anyway?" Looking back up at Tina, she almost gasped when she saw the strange expression on her face. It was... oddly cute. Then she laughed.
That was really cute.
"I-I know, right?" The caramel-haired girl managed to get out between bursts of silvery laughter, "Especially when you're writing, and you ask someone how it is and they just say 'it's good' to make you feel better! People don't ask for criticism because they're insecure but because they want tips to get better from someone who will see their art in a different light! The real insecure ones are the ones who need that sort of encouragement without any criticism. I don't like people like that. Or people who lie through their teeth and hope you just lie down and take it like a bitch in heat." That mini-speech was probably the most beautiful thing that Tara had ever heard a weeaboo say. The innuendo at the end continued an odd note of malice. Was that Tina's way of getting annoyed?
"So I take it you're a writer?" Now that her attention had been fully captured by the strangeness of the girl before her, Tara was in the mood for conversation. Fortunately, by the look on Tina's face at that question she was more than willing to oblige.
"Yes! I love high fantasy and adventure novels with a sprinkling of romance interwoven within the plot with lots of shipping opportunities, so that's what I write!" Her eyes sparkled with the fantastical adventures of some distant world. The ravenette couldn't look away.
"That sounds really cool! I write poetry from time to time, but I've never tried a whole novel..." Oh God, did she sound too enthusiastic? The curly-haired weeaboo just smiled.
"Poetry? I love poetry too! It always seems to come straight from how you're feeling, y'know? Oh, but novels are kinda hard. I've never finished one, but I'm trying! I have a cover and a pseud already!" 
"Yeah, poetry relies on emotions and imagery to create a desired effect on your reader or listener. It's a difficult craft. But novels have their difficulties too." Tara spoke simply from experience, yet she felt that she sounded quite sophisticated. Seemingly Tina thought so too, if her next words were anything to go by,
"Spoken like a true expert!" Without even thinking about it, Tara laughed. She actually laughed. In front of a complete stranger! But that thought just made her laugh more, carefree and happy, as Tina joined in.
And they continued to laugh until there wasn't anything more to laugh about, and then they talked. About writing- they both loved it. About people- they both hated them. About music- turns out they didn't quite see eye-to-eye on that one considering that Tina couldn't name a single P!ATD song and Tara couldn't name a single anime theme tune by Japanese name (or English for that matter). 
By the time their conversation had died down into comfortable silence, the sun was high in the sky and the school day was almost over. The ravenette had only cut the last lesson because she hated Home Ec with a burning passion, but Tina was supposed to have left to get supplies for her art class and instead went outside to 'think'. 
They were both totally screwed, but neither really cared.
*
From that day onwards, Tina and Tara were virtually inseparable. The strong, silent emo girl who everyone ignored and the over-excited, completely insane weeaboo who couldn't speak Japanese whatsoever but still desperately tried.
To most, they were Izumi and Raven. Two names slapped on top of two lives to give them an easy definition. But to them, they were Tina the passionate author with a love of birds and Tara the closeted singer with a secret dream of travelling the world.
It took them too long to realise that they were in love.
And by the time they did, everyone else already knew.
But they didn't care. They didn't have to. 
Because they were together, two Ts up against the world, and it didn't matter what those assholes thought about it.
Fuck the spectators.
  

