
      

    

  
      

    

  
      

    



The tattoo on the inside of his arm looked insanely detailed, and he wanted to get up close and trace along with his fingers. Not because it was attached to Jack, of course. Just because he could appreciate cool art and nice tattoos. He wanted to count the numerous freckles littered Jack's face 

  
      

    

  

    

  



  

    

  



  

  

    

  

  

  

    

  

  

    

  

  

    

  



  



  
      

    

  
      

    

  
      

    

  
      

    

  
      

    

  

    

  



  

    

  



  
      

    

He drops back with Ralph so his friend wouldn't be able to hear them as well, and whispers in his ear.

He can feel Charles watching them, probably waiting for the first sign to pull his friend off his lap and get himself between them. He'd probably lecture them about safe sex while he was at it, too. Jack sighs and lifts his hand from his thighs, watching Charles nod in approval out of the corner of his eye. He tucks a piece of Ralph's hair behind his ear and rests his hand over the other. Ralph hums again, shifting in his lap and leaning back against him to look up at him, kiss his chin.

He steps forward and kisses his temple, taking his wrists in his hands and sliding his thumb along the curve.

  
      

    

  
      

    

He bites his lip and takes his hands, sets them over the hem of his shirt. 'You do it for me. So we can both get something from it.' Ralph clears his throat and nods, tugging the garment up over his stomach, then rolling the hem up. Jack lifts his arms for him, but before they can go much further, Ralph stops, looking up.

Out in the hall, Ralph takes his hand and glances over his shoulder, biting his lip.



  
      

    

  

    

  



  

    

  

  

  

    

  

  

  

    

  

  

    

  



  
      

    

  
      

    

The bus terminal is by a McDonald's, so they buy supper from there, sharing chips and splitting a burger.

  

I love you.



  
      

    

He's quivering like an over-excited Chihuahua, bouncing in place when he pulls back.

  
      

    

Silence stretches into a comfortable length, and Ralph is just falling asleep when Jack shifts and swallows. He wants to groan and push at him, get on his case from shaking him out of his doze when Jack speaks softly, pushing his nose into his hair.

  
      

    

  
      

    

He gets up, pacing around his room, then around the house, hand on his phone, sitting silently in his pocket.



  

    

  





  



  

    

  

  

    

  

  

    

You want something to eat?

  



  



  
      

    

  
      

    

  
      

    

  
      

    

  
      

    

  
      

    

  