

    Chapter Text
  
gallileostarboy

Liked by gardenista, local.nerd, and 56 others
gallileostarboy "don't they know, it's the end of the world
 'cause you don't love me anymore."
View all 16 comments
gardenista HE DOESN'T DESERVE YOU MY LOVE I WILL CUT HIM
8.in.dick wtf fallon 
30 minutes ago
 
 
Today 23:39
simone Ralph hun it's okay he's not worth it
 simone Here I'll bake some cookies for you and bring them tomorrow
 Me (Ralph) you're too precious simon, it's super late, you don't have to
 simone Shush you're my friend of course I'll make you cookies &lt;3 
 Me (Ralph) thanks
 simone Now go to sleep! I will hate you forever if you stay up and get drunk tonight!
 Me (Ralph) yeah i will
 
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick retweeted
 scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1h
maurice needs a slap retweet if u agree.
 
Fallon Angel retweeted
 scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1h
maurice needs a slap retweet if u agree.
 
WHAT IS COVFEFE @morerice • 30m
Y U HATE ME
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1h
maurice needs a slap retweet if you agree.
 
ALL HAIL HARAMBE @thing1 • 25m
hAH GET REKT 
WHAT IS COVFEFE????? @morerice • 30m
Y U HATE ME
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 9m
i''m sooo ssd,,,
 
 
 
 
faceitimanasshole reblogged from princecharmingmyass

   princecharmingmyass

 "i am shit, i am shit, nuh nuh nuh nuh fuckin dick."
- Crywank
u okay bro?
 
princecharmingmyass reblogged from faceitimanasshole

  faceitimanasshole

u okay bro?
ofc i'm not i'm never okay
 
oceaneyes reblogged from princecharmingmyass

  princecharmingmyass

tbh if someone can hit me really hard with a shovel rn it would be great.
 
oceaneyes started following princecharmingmyass.
 
oceaneyes started following faceitimanasshole.
 
 
 
Today at 0:15
oceaneyes HELLOOOOOOOOO
faceitimanasshole wtf?
faceitimanasshole fallon? 
oceaneyes YESSSSS ITSSS ME
faceitimanasshole what the fuck are u doing?
oceaneyes I''M sOOO TISPY
oceaneyes TIOOSU
oceaneyes TIPSYYY
oceaneyes I;M DRINK
faceitimanasshole yeah but why are u drunk texting me?
faceitimanasshole and it's a fucking wednesday night too what are u thinking?
oceaneyes IDJ
oceaneyes IDKKKK 
oceaneyes I DONT WANT SSIMON OT KNOW I;M DRUNK
oceaneyes I''M DRINKKIN MY PROBLENS AWAYYYY
faceitimanasshole u can't be serious
oceaneyes YES I m very
oceaneyes no who ate my capssss
oceaneyes i wNT MY CAPS
oceaneyes THERE THEY ARE
faceitimanasshole jesus fuck
faceitimanasshole look fallon
faceitimanasshole we are like fucking arch nemesis and now ur drunk texting me 
faceitimanasshole joe is graduating soon, ofc he's going to have to break up with u
faceitimanasshole if u knew he was going to graduate u shouldn't have agreed to the relationship in the first place
faceitimanasshole u also shouldn't drink your problems away like that it doesn't fucking help 
faceitimanasshole trust me i tried
faceitimanasshole shit that sounds way too goody-two-shoes for my own good
oceaneyes ITS HELPING
oceaneyes HAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHHA
faceitimanasshole it's not
oceaneyes BITCH111!!!!!
faceitimanasshole yes this is bitch here what do u want?
oceaneyes I WANT LOVE
oceaneyes I WANT TO BE LOVED
oceaneyes I WANT THE SEXY TIMEEEEE
oceaneyes I WANT TO MAKE OUT WIHT SOMEINE
oceaneyes I WANT TO LICK NIPPLEDDD
faceitimanasshole get ur sexy time from ur daddy not me
oceaneyes I DONTTT HAVE A DADFY ANYMORE
oceaneyes HE LEFT
oceaneyes AT LEAST I THINK HE DID
oceaneyes IDK
faceitimanasshole too bad he isn't ur real daddy
oceaneyes SHITS BEEN COMPLICATED AS FUK
oceaneyes AGGHHHHH 
oceaneyes FUCK YOU
faceitimanasshole when?
faceitimanasshole where?
faceitimanasshole how?
oceaneyes ANYTIME
oceaneyes YOUR BED
oceaneyes IM STRAPPIN YOU DOWN
oceaneyes AND IM GNNA BLOW YO UNTIL YOU SCREAM
oceaneyes OR WHEN YOU BEG FOR ME TO STOPD
faceiimanasshole how about the opposite?
oceaneyes NO
oceaneyes I DO DAT
oceaneyes YOU SUFFER
faceitimanasshole no, u suffer
oceaneyes aghhhh
oceaneyes IM A DOM WHEN I;M DRUNK
oceaneyes FUCK OFF
oceaneyes SO I CAN FUCK YOU
faceitimanasshole no
faceitimanasshole i'm a dom
faceitimanasshole fuck, but if i'm a dom
faceitimanasshole and ur a dom
faceitimanasshole then who's driving the car?
oceaneyes SIMULTANEOUS FUCKING
oceaneyes FUCK YEAH
faceitimanasshole that will break both our dicks
oceaneyes IT'S CALLED 69
oceaneyes BIH
oceaneyes HAH
oceaneyes GENIOUS
oceaneyes MOUTH TO MOUTH
oceaneyes DICK TO DICK
oceaneyes YEAH
faceitimanasshole let's fucking go then?
oceaneyes BUT I Hve no rideee
oceaneyes i would love o scuk you
oceaneyes legit
oceaneyes i bet you taste soooo goood
faceitimanasshole i probably taste like piss water bc imma be honest i just peed
oceaneyes HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
oceaneyes I'M DYINGG
oceaneyes JACKKIE NOOO
faceitimanasshole call me jackie again and i'll fucking murder ur ass
oceaneyes TURNED ME THE FUCK OFF
faceitimanasshole so u were turned on just now?
oceaneyes BUT I STILL WANT TO
oceaneyes NOM NOM SLURP SLURP
faceitimanasshole u ruined ramen for me
oceaneyes YEEEEE
oceaneyes IMM go sleeeeeppp
oceaneyes thank yiuuu 
oceaneyes ilm kinda hPPY NOW
 
 
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 3m
fucking eventful night
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
what tf happened lmao.
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 10m
fucking eventful night
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 1s
pm 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1m
what tf happened lmao
 
 
 
emo punk
 1:02
okay spill.
lmao fallon drunk texted me
wtf? why?
u know the ordeal with joe and stuff
apparently kid's heartbroken
so he got drunk and texted u?
must be desperate lmao.
nah he said he didn't want simon to know
whoever tf that is
bro simon's in ur choir.
 ?which reminds me, why aren't u in choir this year
band, chamber ensemble, that kind of shit.
lmao remind me next year to snatch u way before they do
sure.
?how's it going with maurice
i gut-punched him this morning?
?no mushy romance stuff
idk i'm shit at it.
man ur pathetic
yeah why do u think i don't want a fucking prince charming?
?so maurice isn't a prince charming
fuck no.
he's fucking far from it.
?is that why you like him
fuck off.
i don't gut punch people i like.
u gut punch everyone u angsty shit



    Chapter Text
  Today at 6:08 
oceaneyes OH MY GOD I'M SO SORRY FOR LAST NIGHT
oceaneyes I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW WHAT I WAS THINKING 
oceaneyes I WOULD FUCKING GO BACK IN TIME AND SLAP MYSELF IF I COULD
oceaneyes A MILLION TIMES SORRY
oceaneyes I SWEAR I DIDN'T MEAN ANY OF THAT
 
 
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 2m
FUCK
 
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 1m
WHAT HAPPENED???? 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 3m
FUCK
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s
i'll tell you at school
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 1m
WHAT HAPPENED????
 
WHAT IS COVFEFE @morerice • 1h
profound realization, indeed
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
what the fuck? u don't normally use long words like this.
WHAT IS COVFEFE @morerice • 1h
profound realization, indeed
 
ALL HAIL HARAMBE 2 retweeted
 scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 8h
maurice needs a slap retweet if u agree.
 
 
 
dont-touch-my-succulents

Quick WIP before I head to Satan's torture chamber school &lt;3
#yoi  #yuri on ice  #yuri plisetsky  #loOK AT THAT ON-POINT MIDDLE FINGER WILL YOU
 
oceaneyes reblogged from princecharmingmyass
princecharmingmyass 
no seriously fucking hit me with a shovel. do it hard. fucking hurt me. fucking kill me in one swing.
 
meme-rice reblogged from princecharmingmyass and added:
princecharmingmyass 
no seriously fucking hit me with a shovel. do it hard. fucking hurt me. fucking kill me in one swing.
the two middle sentences lmaoooo
i would gladly do it to u hard hunn not sure abt the hurting tho &lt;33333
 
princecharmingmyass reblogged from meme-rice and added:

  meme-rice

the two middle sentences lmaoooo
i would gladly do it to u hard hunn not sure abt the hurting tho &lt;33333
ew. go away.
 
princecharmingmyass reblogged from dont-touch-my-succulents and added: 

  dont-touch-my-succulents


  

Quick WIP before I head to Satan's torture chamber school &lt;3
his hair is a little messy on the right but i love the left side. looks like he stars in a pantene commercial.
#yoi  
 
dont-touch-my-succulents reblogged from princecharmingmyass and added:

  princecharmingmyass

his hair is a little messy on the right but i love the left side. looks like he stars in a pantene commercial.
Lmaoo I will never understand if you're trying to compliment me or not but okay thanks &lt;3
#He is so vague all the time lmao
 
 
 
emo punk
 10:32
fallon apologized
so?
is that ur only reaction to everything nowadays?
sorta. why?
obv i need to text back something
not like i could fucking ignore it forever
we're sitting in the same fucking class it's awkward enough already
u guys are enemies.
awkward is an understatement.
well i enjoyed the drunk texts
that's the problem
what the fuck.
since when were u able to catch feelings?
fuck off roger i didn't
then what do u call this?
idk
anything but feelings
falling for a tipsy boy like a fucking obsessive figure skater?
i've seen that. only not irl.
that is still feelings
why am i wasting time with u anyway? 
ur shit at romance
does that imply that u call ur feelings for fallon romance?
shit
fuck
no
ofc not
yeah sure. 
whatever u say.
simon from ur choir is better than me at this sappy shit u should ask him.
and how the fuck do u know that?
i follow his blog on tumblr where he gives cheesy-ass love advice. 
what's his blog?
eager aren't we?
fuck u
dont-touch-my-succulents. that's his blog.
thanks bro
np.
 
 
 
Today 14:35
Ralph ffuck simonn
 Me (Simon) Yes hun I'm here for you
 Ralph i'm so embarrassed and merridew and i are still lab partners by default and i can't face himm
 Me (Simon) There's nothing I can do about that I'm sorry :(( 
 Me (Simon) Don't worry I will stand from afar and give you mental support!!!
 Ralph thanks, you're always the best simon
 Ralph and thanks for the cookies too they were delicious
 Ralph bUT I STILL CAN'T FACE MERRIDEW LIKE THIS I WILL DIE
 Ralph i miss joe :(((((
 Me (Simon) I'm sorry I can't do anything :((
 Ralph thanks anyway maybe your cookies will help :))
 
 
 
Today at 15:03
princecharmingmyass jack is head over heels for ur boy fallon.
dont-touch-my-succulents OMG really??
princecharmingmyass idk he seems so.
princecharmingmyass if he pm u tonight don't tell him i told u anything.
princecharmingmyass based on the way he talks about fallon there's a 99.999% chance of him falling fucking hard for tipsy boy.
princecharmingmyass just like
dont-touch-my-succulents *softly* Don't
princecharmingmyass VIKUTORUUU.
dont-touch-my-succulents BE MY COACH VICTORRR!!!
dont-touch-my-succulents Lmao you just had to use that period didn't you?
dont-touch-my-succulents Why don't you ever use exclamation marks?
princecharmingmyass unlike u and maurice, i don't feel that much excitement. 
princecharmingmyass anyway u should go and make sure fallon doesn't shit bricks in his embarrassment.
dont-touch-my-succulents How did maurice make his way into this convo though?
dont-touch-my-succulents Hmm?? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
princecharmingmyass honestly i'm sick of this shipping between me and maurice first jack and now u?
dont-touch-my-succulents I mean it's your fault for being too obvious ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
princecharmingmyass fuck off.
dont-touch-my-succulents Why do you have to hurt me like this? I'm sensitive you know :(((
 
 
 
gardenista

Liked by gallileostarboy, local.nerd, and 35 others
gardenista It's the perfect weather and scenery so I decided to put Billy there for a bit
View all 3 comments
local.nerd Send my greetings!
8.in.dick u named ur plants? wtf?
14 minutes ago
 
memechiefmaurice

Liked by high.on.lithium, 8.in.dick, gardenista, and 79 others
View all 9 comments
high.on.lithium is this what the tweet this morning is about?
gardenista OMG PM me now!!! Or maybe later tonight like at 2 or something because we're going to talk about feelings™
4 minutes ago
 
 
 
Today at 18:09
faceitimanasshole are u simon?
dont-touch-my-succulents WHAT IS YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH MY SON??
faceitimanasshole what the fuck?
faceitimanasshole u mean fallon?
dont-touch-my-succulents YES OFC IT'S HIM
dont-touch-my-succulents WHAT DID YOU DO TO HIM?
faceitimanasshole fuck, i'm the victim here
faceitimanasshole ur "son" drunk-sexted me 
faceitimanasshole okay?
dont-touch-my-succulents NOT OKAY
faceitimanasshole what the fuck else do you want?
faceitimanasshole okay whatever 
faceitimanasshole so the thing is i enjoyed that sexting 
faceitimanasshole and i want it to continue
faceitimanasshole idk roger called it feelings but i'm pretty sure i hate fallon's fucking guts
dont-touch-my-succulents HOW DARE??
faceitimanasshole what the fuck now?
dont-touch-my-succulents HOW DARE YOU HAT E MY SON???
faceitimanasshole okay ur obv crazy as fuck and idk why roger said u were good at this sappy advice shit but jfc chill out
dont-touch-my-succulents Did you say love advice? Because love counselor Simon is here and definitely very queer
faceitimanasshole w hat?
dont-touch-my-succulents In your case, it should be a blooming love/hate relationship. You're confused because you want him, but you don't think you do, and it's okay, everyone kind of goes through this phase. 
faceitimanasshole so what should i do dear mister advisor?
dont-touch-my-succulents As of now, Ralph is really sensitive. He's just gone through a horrible break up, and he needs someone to be there for him. Ofc I'm going to be that one because I'm his mom and dad and aunt, but he needs someone else beside me, like an emotional companion who will be there during his drunken hours and remind him that there is still someone thirsting over him
faceitimanasshole so all ur saying is that i can just tell him i enjoyed the sexting and he could annoy me more with his sexts? 
dont-touch-my-succulents Yes, my patient. That is exactly what you're going to do.
faceitimanasshole thanks? i guess?
 
 
 
Today at 20:58
dont-touch-my-succulents Mission accomplished!
princecharmingmyass what?
dont-touch-my-succulents I kept Jack drunk-sexting Ralph
princecharmingmyass okay?
dont-touch-my-succulents Apparently they are unaware that they have a love/hate relationship
princecharmingmyass and it's news because?
dont-touch-my-succulents Okay yeah
dont-touch-my-succulents I mean Jack looks at Ralph's ass a lot if I can recall
dont-touch-my-succulents And Ralph does talk a lot about Jack even when he was dating Joe
dont-touch-my-succulents Mostly about how narcissistic he is but stILL
dont-touch-my-succulents The mere fact that they are thinking about each other!!
dont-touch-my-succulents They say that hate is a stronger emotion than love, and it keeps people thinking about each other more
princecharmingmyass is that why the anti-otayuri fandom are even more obsessive about the ship than the shippers themselves?
dont-touch-my-succulents DON'T go off-topic
dont-touch-my-succulents Anyway, I propose the solution to Ralph's heartbreak and Jack's unresolved sexual tension: Get these two together
princecharmingmyass okay.
dont-touch-my-succulents You seem uninterested, let's talk about Maurice then!
princecharmingmyass fuck u.
dont-touch-my-succulents Come on Roger, you know you want to!!
dont-touch-my-succulents Roger?
 
 
 
Today 23:00
faceitimanasshole it's okay i enjoyed it
oceaneyes REALLY? THANK FUCK
oceaneyes NOW PRAY TO FUCKIN GOD BECASUE THERE'RE GNNA BE SOME MORE DRUNK SEXTS COMMING YOURWAYYY
faceitimanasshole fuck
oceaneyes YES THt;s exactly whT I WANT TO DOOOO
 
 
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 1m
why did i listen to simon?



    Chapter Text
  smol angsty bean
 3:46
what are the feels in that post the other day? s p i l l.
what feels?
don't fucking lie to me u piece of shit.
the fucking meme.

what is there to it?
nothinnn
 
 
 
Today at 7:12
meme-rice SIMON DO U RMB THAT TIME U SCHEDULED ME FOR A FEELINGS™ TALK AT 2 AM BUT I COULDN'T ATTEND BC mEmEs???
meme-rice I NEED IT ASAP
meme-rice also SUCCulents lmao
dont-touch-my-succulents Shush now is not the appropriate time. Wait until 2 am tonight and you shall speak in front of me.
meme-rice lmao u act like a priest
 
 
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 2h
fucking murderous.
 
WHAT IS COVFEFE @morerice • 1m
@lordoftheplants sAvE mEeEeEeEEEEEeeeee
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 2h
fucking murderous.
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
@lordoftheplants are u in on whatever the fuck it is he's doing? disposing of two bodies will be a hassle u know.
WHAT IS COVFEFE @morerice • 1m
@lordoftheplants sAvE mEeEeEeEEEEEeeeee
 
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 1s

scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1m
@lordoftheplants are u in on whatever the fuck it is he's doing? disposing of two bodies will be a hassle u know.
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 1s
wtf did i miss out on? @severelyapathetic pls refrain from murdering while @rugbytheocean and i are doing business
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s
wtf noOO we haven't done shit don't believe his lies
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 1m
wtf did i miss out on? @severelyapathetic pls refrain from murdering while @rugbytheocean and i are doing business
 
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 1s 
Sure you didn't hun ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s
wtf noOO we haven't done shit don't believe his lies
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 2m
fuck u and ur and ralph's horny asses 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 3m
wtf did i miss out on? @severelyapathetic pls refrain from murdering while @rugbytheocean and i are doing business
 
No. 1 Bookaholic @glassesarenttoysjack • 1s
Jesus what have you guys been doing! 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 2m
wtf noOO we haven't done shit don't believe his lies
 
No. 1 Bookaholic @glassesarenttoysjack • 2h
Listen to my new study tip podcast here:
https://studyglasses.com/podcast/bullet-journaling-and-reasons-why/
 
 
 
princecharmingmyass 

happy caturday.
#cat  #doodle  #cat doodle
 
faceitimanasshole reblogged from princecharmingmyass and added:

  princecharmingmyass


  

happy caturday.
nice
 
oceanboy reblogged from pas-esthetique and added:

  


  pas-esthetique


   Want more? | Shameless Plug 

ffuck i wanttt
 
dont-touch-my-succulents 

Me looking back at my life like
#doodle
 
faceitimanasshole reblogged from oceaneyes and added:

  oceaneyes

ffuck i wanttt
mmmhmm tell me more
 
oceaneyes reblogged from faceitimanasshole and added:

  faceitimanasshole

mmmhmm tell me more
noOOO THIS GOES IN PM
 
dont-touch-my-succulents reblogged from oceaneyes and added:

  oceaneyes

noOOO THIS GOES IN PM
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Son, we need to talk
 
princecharmingmyass

Давай. my hand slipped.
#yoi  #yuri plisetsky  #doodle  #Давай
 
oceaneyes reblogged from dont-touch-my-succulents and added:

  dont-touch-my-succulents

( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Son, we need to talk
YOU'RE NOT MY REAL MOM!
 
 
 
Today at 23:29
oceaneyes sent a text post "Fuck me slow and hard daddy..."
faceitimanasshole tell me more
oceaneyes no that's all you get for today 
oceaneyes i'm going swimming
faceitimanasshole in the middle of the fucking night?
oceaneyes 

i think the fuck not
faceitimanasshole fuck u thicc
oceaneyes what?? i'm not that thic
oceaneyes but thank youu
faceitimanasshole and are u like naked or something?
oceaneyes nah my swimming trunks are just short
faceitimanasshole any chance i can talk to u while u chill in the pool?
oceaneyes nah i don't have my waterproof case with me
faceitimanasshole and does ur family own a fucking hotel or something
oceaneyes we just have a really cool outdoor pool
oceaneyes btw 
oceaneyes before i go swim
oceaneyes why did you say we were arch enemies the other day?
oceaneyes i thought we had a good relationship?
faceitimanasshole no reason
faceitimanasshole go swim or whatever
 
 
 
faceitimanasshole 
shit
 
princecharmingmyass reblogged from faceitimanasshole and added:
faceitimanasshole 
shit
good, i like how vague this is.
#proud bro
 
princecharmingmyass 
ro x si art collab with dont-touch-my-succulents coming soon to a theater near you.
sincerely, your local fanboy.
 
dont-touch-my-succulents reblogged from princecharmingmyass:

  princecharmingmyass

ro x si art collab with dont-touch-my-succulents coming soon to a theater near you.
sincerely, your local fanboy.
 
 
 
Today at 2:03
meme-rice I AM HERE
meme-rice AND I AM VERY QUEER
dont-touch-my-succulents Good
dont-touch-my-succulents But first
dont-touch-my-succulents I have a gift for you
meme-rice yAYAYAYA PRESENTS
dont-touch-my-succulents

  

Here!!! (I got lazy with his hands lol)
meme-rice holy fucking shitballs
meme-rice mother of all the fucks
meme-rice simon u sly little sHIT
meme-rice and hOW DARE HIS HANDS ARE ONE OF THE BEST FEATURES OF HIM
dont-touch-my-succulents Love you too &lt;33
dont-touch-my-succulents Tbh doodling Roger is becoming my favorite thing to do now lol
dont-touch-my-succulents Especially in suggestive positions because hIS FACE IS JUST
dont-touch-my-succulents FRIGGIN MADE FOR IT
dont-touch-my-succulents And you must have a lot of ideas for what his hands can do hmm? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
meme-rice fffFUCKKKK
dont-touch-my-succulents Now that that's out of the way, I take it that you understand the direness of this situation?
meme-rice what situation?
dont-touch-my-succulents The situation that you and Roger are NOT TOGETHER
dont-touch-my-succulents As a professional matchmaker I cannot allow for that to happen
dont-touch-my-succulents You like him don't you?
meme-rice ofc what else would that meme be for
dont-touch-my-succulents You need to confess
meme-rice nO NO NO NO
dont-touch-my-succulents Why?
meme-rice he will gut me
dont-touch-my-succulents No! He likes you too
meme-rice he lItErAlLy BaRfEd at the sight of me
meme-rice i don't think he can make it clearer that he hates me 
meme-rice i'm sad meme :(((
dont-touch-my-succulents Aww don't be sad
dont-touch-my-succulents I'm positive he likes you back okay?
meme-rice and how do u know that???
dont-touch-my-succulents I have my method ;)
meme-rice meme is still sad :((
meme-rice bc meme no trust simon
meme-rice simon is shit matchmaker :((
dont-touch-my-succulents HOW DARE I AM THE GREATEST OF ALL MATCHMAKERS IN MATCHMAKERLAND
dont-touch-my-succulents I'll tell you what, I will gather solid evidence for you that Roger likes you back, and if I can't I will change all of my usernames and urls to shitmatchmaker or something like that
meme-rice yayay :)) meme is a little happier
meme-rice roger still gut punched me tho 
meme-rice even tho i sent him cat gifs :((
dont-touch-my-succulents Now that, my friend, is what I call true love
 
 
 
ALL HAIL HARAMBE 2 @thing2 • 2h
binge watching #2brokegirls tbh Oleg and Sophie need to cHILL
 
No. 1 Bookaholic @glassesarenttoysjack • 4h
I should buy eggs.
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 5h
nO PIGGY I MEAN HUGH I SWEAR I HAVEN'T DONE SHIT WITH HIM
No. 1 Bookaholic @glassesarenttoysjack • 11h
Jesus what have you guys been doing! 
 
WHAT IS COVFEFE @morerice • 1m

 
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 1s
Who is that I wonder?? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
WHAT IS COVFEFE @morerice • 1m

  

 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
wHAT THE FUCK HANNAH. #13reasonswhy
 
ALL HAIL HARAMBE @thing1 • 1s
WHO?????
WHAT IS COVFEFE @morerice • 3m

  

 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1m
why the fuck is everyone feeling emotions all of the sudden.
WHAT IS COVFEFE @morerice • 5m

  

 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 2m
SAMEEE
WHAT IS COVFEFE @morerice • 10m

  

 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 2m
everything is better after a swim
 
 
 
gallileostarboy

 
 
Liked by 8.in.dick, gardenista, and 4 others
gallileostarboy everything is better after a swim
14 minutes ago



    Chapter Text
  to love u is covfefe @morerice • 3h
those who meme together, stick together 
- maurice 2k17
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 3h
i have an urge to jump off the nearest bridge.
 
to love u is covfefe @morerice * 1h
nOOO DON'T 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 5h
i have an urge to jump off the nearest bridge.
 
Fallon Angel retweeted
 to love u is covfefe @morerice • 5h
those who meme together, stick together
- maurice 2k17
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 1m
@rugbytheocean i got the ice cream u coming over or nah?
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1m
we have inbox for this kinda stuff don't we?
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 2m
@rugbytheocean i got the ice cream u coming over or nah?
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
what about me u dildo?
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 2m
@rugbytheocean i got the ice cream u coming over or nah?
 
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 2m
HOLY PEANUT BUTTER IT'S REAL PEOPLE!!!! JALPH IS FLIPPIN REAL!!!!!!!! @severelyapathetic WE'RE GOING DOWN WITH THIS SHIP
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 3m
we have inbox for this kinda stuff don't we?
 
No. 1 Bookaholic @glassesarenttoysjack • 1s
What is "Jalph"? Have I been missing out? 
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 2m
HOLY PEANUT BUTTER IT'S REAL PEOPLE!!!! JALPH IS FLIPPIN REAL!!!!!!!! @severelyapathetic WE'RE GOING DOWN WITH THIS SHIP
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1m
todos me abandonan.
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 1s
lol go play with maurice u suicidal shit 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 2m
todos me abandonan.
 
 
 
jackass
13:52
heyy can u buy some condoms and bring them over to me
thanks
wtf?
what do u need them for?
u know what nevermind i think i figured it out on my own.
plss
i'll buy ur cat a cat hat
what? u think i'm that cheap?
i won't do it.
fine, what about this?
Cat Hoodie
roger?
fuck u.
fine i'll buy u and ur little boyfriend condoms.
what no we're not boyfriends
we're like fuck buddies
who will fuck for the first time today
about two weeks ago u guys were enemies.
then he drunk-texted u.
then comes this fucking mess.
what? is drunk-texting the way to seduce the great jackass merribitch now?
just hurry up u don't have to insult me every time i ask for a favor
You set Merridew's nickname to jackass merribitch Change
whatever u want just hurry tf up
 
 
 
Today 14:02
Me (Ralph) heyy just texting to say that i'm almost there
 Me (Ralph) also i brought my dogs hope you don't mind
 Me (Ralph) srry i forgot i had to walk them today so i kinda ran with them to your house, meaning i will probably be sweaty af
 Virtual Daddy nah u good what breed?
 Me (Ralph) um.. a golden retriever, a samoyed, and a husky
 Virtual Daddy like a big-ass husky?
 Me (Ralph) yeah lol
 Me (Ralph) my dad couldn't resist it
 Me (Ralph) he likes big-ass dogs
 Virtual Daddy what are their names?
 Me (Ralph) the golden retriever is Gold, the samoyed is Leslie, and the husky is Will
 Virtual Daddy lmao ur namings are more creative than roger's
 Virtual Daddy he fucking named his cat cat
 Virtual Daddy anw i'm probably doing chores at the backyard when u come so just ring the bell or have ur dogs bark at the door 
 Me (Ralph) okay lol
 
 
 
Today 14:05
maurice's secret crush i'm at your back door.
 Me (Jack) thank fuckk fallon just came
 maurice's secret crush u have two weeks to buy that fucking cat hoodie.
 maurice's secret crush else i'll circumcise that blonde motherfucker and cut his fucking balls off.
 Me (Jack) y u gotta be like this
 maurice's secret crush two weeks.
 
 
 
princecharmingmyass reblogged from kinky-violet:
reblog if ur a power bottom and need someone to do pet play with
#yes.  #i need someone as my pet cat.  #or dog.  #dog works too.  #preferably cat.
 
meme-rice 
fFUCKKKKK
 
princecharmingmyass reblogged from meme-rice and added:

  meme-rice

fFUCKKKKK
good and vague. keep up the good work.
 
Anonymous 
 Simonnn i need ur help my sis got her heart broken by some fuccboi and i need to get revenge. 
dont-touch-my-succulents
You should consult @princecharmingmyass for this, although I think he will suggest mass homicide ;)
Anyway, here are some of the things you can do:
Hand sanitizer evil
If the guy works at a restaurant
If you work at a restaurant
If you work at a restaurant part 2
 
faceitimanasshole 
when important videos saves the day once again
 
Anonymous
 Simon ur kinda harmless...
dont-touch-my-succulents
HOW DARE
 
meme-rice reblogged from faceitimanasshole and added:

  faceitimanasshole

when important videos saves the day once again
YASSSS IMPORTANT VIDEOS ARE IMPORTANT AFFF
 
oceaneyes reblogged from the-little-world:

  Things all littles can agree on:

1. Littles won't obey daddy/mommy even when punished
2. Littles love their stuffies just as much as they love their mommies/daddies
3. But mommies and daddies are still a bit more important (:
4...

  Read More

 
oceaneyes reblogged from shy-smol-boy:
once in little space
forever in little space
 
 
 
Today at 13:53
oceaneyes SIMONN HELPPP
dont-touch-my-succulents Yes, my child?
oceaneyes I'M SWEATY AF AND I DON'T THINK VIRTUAL DADDY LIKES THATTT
dont-touch-my-succulents Just have fun and be yourself
dont-touch-my-succulents Bring Gold in maybe? I think he'll help a bit
dont-touch-my-succulents Don't fret, my plans never fail unless they do
oceaneyes honestly what kind of encouragement is that?
oceaneyes it's your idea for me to run to his house with the dogs and you'd better take full responsibility for that
dont-touch-my-succulents Does that mean I get to be the godfather?
oceaneyes you know what i'm gonna go back to watching important videos 
oceaneyes who even listens to you??
dont-touch-my-succulents Quite a lot of people, actually
oceaneyes yea sure
 
 
 
to love u is covfefe @morerice • 1m
H E CAN'T TAKE A FUCKIN SIGNAL I'M C R Y I N G
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
who is it this time and how much of their dick do i need to chop off?
to love u is covfefe @morerice • 1m
H E CAN'T TAKE A FUCKIN SIGNAL I'M C R Y I N G
 
to love u is covfefe @morerice • 1s
uuummmm u won't like me anymoree if i say who it iss
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1m
who is it this time and how much of their dick do i need to chop off?
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 2m
watching important videos with @rugbytheocean and his three doggos #imindogheaven
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
what? u fucking betrayed cats? how fucking dare.
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 2m
watching important videos with @rugbytheocean and his three doggos #imindogheaven
 
to love u is covfefe @morerice • 1s
i don't think anyone can be as oblivious as he is
 
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 1s
RIGHTTT????
to love u is covfefe @morerice • 1m
i don't think anyone can be as oblivious as he is
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s 
@fuckinexclusive poppin open some beer
THIS GON BE LIT
 
 
 
Today at 15:09
faceitimanasshole this better work else i'm sacrificing ur fucking succulents to satan
dont-touch-my-succulents You fool. He who shall not be named™ does not like plants
faceitimanasshole u act like he's voldemort or some shit 
dont-touch-my-succulents He might be
faceitimanasshole tbh i'm still questioning myself why i keep listening to u until now
dont-touch-my-succulents You know I'm always right ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
faceitimanasshole do u always have that emoji? u never make that face irl
faceitimanasshole irl u is like a fucking piece of wood
dont-touch-my-succulents ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
dont-touch-my-succulents Online personas are dangerous
dont-touch-my-succulents And so is drunk Ralph
dont-touch-my-succulents Wear protection my friend
 
 
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1m
4TH B EER THJS IS GREEEEEEAAATTTT
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s
FUCKJJ YIUU JOEWWEEW
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s
FIFTH BEER
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s
SSSSHUT UP WIL I;MMM DRINKJING
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s
I WANBT TO PEERRE
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s
*PEE
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s
HAHA H THAT KJD JUSR FEWLL IN TJE POOOL
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s
wwwaIUT DADDYT WY U TAKING PANTS OFFFFFFF&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
entertaining enough.
 
No. 1 Bookaholic @glassesarenttoysjack • 1s 
@rugbytheocean Ralph! What do you think you're doing!!? @fuckinexclusive I know you have something to do with this!
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
fucking leave them alone pork. not your shit.
No. 1 Bookaholic @glassesarenttoysjack • 1m
@rugbytheocean Ralph! What do you think you're doing!!? @fuckinexclusive I know you have something to do with this!
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s
DADDY HaSssAS THICCCC DJCCCC



    Chapter Text
  meme-rice reblogged from mini-oreo-love-dont-question:

  captainlitebrite

when there's Some Big Meme sweeping across the internet but it never crosses your dash and you've gotta sherlock holmes your way to the original like some historical memeologist 
#relatable
 
princecharmingmyass reblogged from ultimatetrashcan and added:

  incorrectnanbaka

Honey *singing*: GO SUCK A DICK, SUCK A DICK, SUCK A MOTHERFUCKING DICK.
Trois *while playing the piano in the background*: Suck a dick, suck a huge or small dick~~
@dont-touch-my-succulents you're trois i'm honey.
 
princecharmingmyass 

ro x si art collab.
I - // o t a y u r i //
#yoi  #yuri on ice  #yuri plisetsky  #otabek altin  #otayuri  #ro x si art collab.
 
dont-touch-my-succulents reblogged from princecharmingmyass and added:

  princecharmingmyass


  


  ro x si art collab.

I - // o t a y u r i //
Next part will be posted by me! Stay tuned kids
((In this piece Otabek was drawn by me and Yuri was drawn by Roger!))
#Roger wanted the spaces because they're a e s t h e t i c lol
 
dont-touch-my-succulents reblogged from princecharmingmyass and added:

  princecharmingmyass

@dont-touch-my-succulents you're trois i'm honey.
Yuss!! What is this anime btw? It looks fun
 
princecharmingmyass reblogged from dont-touch-my-succulents and added:

  dont-touch-my-succulents

Yuss!! What is this anime btw? It looks fun
nanbaka.
 
princecharmingmyass
「君の名は」はすごいだった。
＃君の名は  #kimi no na wa  #your name
 
Anonymous
 Roger!! You're oddly active on tumblr today what's the occasion?
princecharmingmyass 
i'm always active on tumblr anon. it keeps me from jumping off the nearest bridge.
#ask  #anon
 
 
 
8.in.dick

Liked by high.on.lithium, memechiefmaurice, gardenista and 45
 others
8.in.dick finally, someone worthy of my dick
View all 34 comments
high.on.lithium i know where the condoms went now. not that i didn't earlier.
memechiefmaurice OMG PROTEC THE CHILD (aka @high.on.lithium) BTW MY DICK IS LONGER THAN URS BY 1 INCH JACK SYKEEE
34 minutes ago
 
 
 
Today at 2:09
dont-touch-my-succulents SOO
dont-touch-my-succulents WHAT HAPPENED???
faceitimanasshole he stayed over?
dont-touch-my-succulents THEN YOU TWO ARE OFFICIAL????
faceitimanasshole fuck it if i know
faceitimanasshole idek ur strategy would work like wtf
dont-touch-my-succulents Secret matchmaker power ;)
faceitimanasshole wtf
faceitimanasshole ok ur my wingman now show me the next move
dont-touch-my-succulents At a cost
dont-touch-my-succulents WAIT WHY ARE YOU SO EAGER TO GET INTO MY BBY'S PANTS????
dont-touch-my-succulents YOU FUCKBOY
dont-touch-my-succulents Anyway you should start going on morning runs with him
dont-touch-my-succulents Joe was a lazy bum and Ralph was already starting to hate his guts when they broke up (not enough to not be sad when they did though MY POOR BBY)
dont-touch-my-succulents OH NOES I SPILLED TOO MUCH WITHOUT TALKING ABOUT THE PRICE™
faceitimanasshole say it and i'll do it
faceitimanasshole ur practically harmless, it shouldn't be something hard to do
dont-touch-my-succulents OKAY SO 1. Take photos during sex and send them to me because I'm tired of going to porn sites every time I need references
faceitimanasshole that's easy i can do that
dont-touch-my-succulents 2. Help Roger realize his crush on Maurice and help them get together and be happy and get married and adopt kittens
dont-touch-my-succulents 3. Make me the legal guardian of your children that you and Ralph will adopt in ten years
faceitimanasshole about thing 2, u don't think i'm already doing it? he's obviously falling for meme boi 
faceitimanasshole about thing 3. u can have the kids i don't like children
dont-touch-my-succulents HOW DARE YOU 
dont-touch-my-succulents CHILDREN ARE THE BEAUTIFUL AND PURE CREATIONS OF GOD
dont-touch-my-succulents I WILL FIGHT YOU
faceitimanasshole how? ur as tall as me but ur hand grip is like 77 pounds who's terrified of that?
dont-touch-my-succulents ON TUMBLR
faceitimanasshole ok don't i don't want ur fangirls sending me death threats
 
 
 
oceaneyes 
finally getting over you
 
oceaneyes
 youtu.be 
lo-fi mix | this is cute — you are cute.|   &gt;
 
Anonymous 
 rogerr do u mind if i ask how many languages do u know?? u seem v multilingual and i admire u v much
princecharmingmyass 
thank you anon. i mainly speak english, sometimes spanish. i'm learning japanese and french, and i know a bit of russian because my mother's side of the family is from russia.
#ask  #anon
 
journaphile 

http://studyglasses.com/blog-posts/the-complete-guide-to-bullet-journaling/
A lot of you guys wanted me to do a guide after the podcast so here it is! Click on the link above ^^^ to get to my website!
#bullet journal  #bujo  #study tips  #organization  #study blog
 
oceaneyes reblogged from journaphile and added:

  journaphile


  


  http://studyglasses.com/blog-posts/the-complete-guide-to-bullet-journaling/

A lot of you guys wanted me to do a guide after the podcast so here it is! Click on the link above ^^^ to get to my website!
seriously why are people so fucking good at everything like wtf??
 
dont-touch-my-succulents reblogged from oceaneyes and added:

  oceaneyes

seriously why are people so fucking good at everything like wtf??
Same boo, same. Can you even BELIEVE that Roger knows FIVE LANGUAGES??? I'm fanboying smh
 
samuel-l-jackson-backup reblogged from dont-touch-my-succulents and added:

  dont-touch-my-succulents 

Same boo, same. Can you even BELIEVE that Roger knows FIVE LANGUAGES??? I'm fanboying smh
who's on the Rogermon ship with me they're so pure
 
erik-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me reblogged from samuel-l-jackson-backup and added:

  samuel-l-jackson-backup

who's on the Rogermon ship with me they're so pure
nah i'm more of a Roger/Maurice kinda guy
#PLS TELL ME I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE
 
princecharmingmyass reblogged from journaphile:

  journaphile


  


  http://studyglasses.com/blog-posts/the-complete-guide-to-bullet-journaling/

A lot of you guys wanted me to do a guide after the podcast so here it is! Click on the link above ^^^ to get to my website!
#important.
 
 
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 2h
WHY ARE PEOPLE SO FUCKING TALENTED? @fuckinexclusive I HATE YOU I CAN'T EVEN MAKE AN OMELETTE @glassesarenttoysjack I HATE YOU TOO I CAN'T 1/2
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 2h 
 Replying to @rugbytheocean
EVEN DRAW A STRAIGHT LINE LIKE WTFFF 2/2
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckin exclusive • 1m
that's why u need me ;) i will make u all the omelettes u want
Ralph Fallon @rugbytheocean • 2h
WHY ARE PEOPLE SO FUCKING TALENTED? @fuckinexclusive I HATE YOU I CAN'T EVEN MAKE AN OMELETTE @glassesarenttoysjack I HATE YOU TOO I CAN'T 1/2
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s
but i hate omelettes i was just giving examples
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckin exclusive • 1m
that's why u need me ;) i will make u all the omelettes u want
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 3h
@glassesarenttoysjack ok normally i hate u but your bullet journal looks amazing.
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 1s
:(
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s
but i hate omelettes i was just giving examples
 
ROGICE LIVES @thing2 • 30m
tragic. a war against my own flesh and blood
 
CHIEF OF THE ROGMONS @thing1 • 30m
only one shall make it out alive
 
No. 1 Bookaholic @glassesarenttoysjack • 2h
 Replying to @severelyapathetic
Thank you? I guess?
 
to love u is covfefe retweeted
 Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 28m
Whose side are you on? :)
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
@thing1 @thing2 @lordoftheplants @morerice thanks. my tumblr broke.



    Chapter Text
  
erik-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me
Sam and i created a poll for the ship war! Vote now!
VOTE FOR MAURICE
 
samuel-l-jackson-backup reblogged from erik-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me and added:

  erik-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me

Sam and i created a poll for the ship war! Vote now!
VOTE FOR MAURICE
VOTE FOR SIMON!!!!!!!
#VOTE FOR AESTHETIC PLANTSMAN FANBOY TO GO WITH AESTHETIC ANGSTY FANBOY
 
 
iamfuck
wAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT BUT WHO'S MAURICE??? WHY IS HE THE PERFECT MATCH FOR OUR SON????
erik-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me 
oH CHILD U ARE ACTIVATING MY MEMELORD FANBOY MODE
THIS MAN RIGHT HERE @meme-rice IS MAURICE
HE IS NOT UR TYPICAL, EVERYDAY HAPPY-GO-LUCKY GUY IN THE FACT THAT HE HIMSELF IS THE DANKEST MEME THAT HAS EVER GRACED OUR SOIL, A LITERAL GOD. WANT PROOF?
Maurice, sliding memes into your dash
Maurice, who has one of the most popular meme accounts ON TUMBLR
Maurice and meme diversity
Maurice, who perfectly defines covfefe
Maurice, who has declared his love for Roger multiple times: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
Maurice, who has a HUGE ASS DICK
now, to get into the actual relationship between Maurice and Roger: they are best friends, either that or Maurice has come the closest to being the best friend, having known each other since basically their birth (this was confirmed by Maurice himself, although Roger refused to acknowledge it with an adorable huff, we never see that huff again, and have come to the conclusion that the catalyst for this phenomena is Maurice). Maurice has, on multiple occasions, asked Roger to join him in various romantic acts, to which Roger AGREES, so yeah, this man RIGHT HERE IS THE SHIT AND THAT'S WHY U SHOULD VOTE FOR HIM GO VOTE FOR HIM NOWWW
#VOTE FOR MEME LORD TO GO WITH AESTHETIC ANGSTY FANBOY
 
faceitimanasshole
wtf is happening
 
dont-touch-my-succulents reblogged from faceitimanasshole and added:

  faceitimanasshole

wtf is happening
Lmao idk either but it's interesting
 
Anonymous 
SIMON DO U KNOW WHERE ROGER'S BEEN THE PAST FEW DAYS HE'S SO SILENT
dont-touch-my-succulents 
I don't know either anon, but it's fall break and he SHOULD be constantly online WE HAD A BLOOD OATH
 
meme-rice
it has been a week since that war started. millions were massacred in cold blood in the fight for their beliefs. i, representing a side of this fight, chuckle darkly as i stand and watch from the sidelines, pulling out my secret weapon
MY DICK
lol jk pls don't take this seriously
 
rogershipwar-discourse
why have rogice or rogermon when we can have both?
may i present to you,

  
    ROGICEMON
  

HERE HAVE SOME HEADCANONS:
Read more
 
 
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 20m
there's a shitstorm outside and inside.
i feel attacked.
 
le ultimate fangirl @dumboiscuteok • 20m
THERE YOU ARE WHAT ARE YOUR OPINIONS ON THE SHIP WAR????
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 20m
there's a shitstorm outside and inside.
i feel attacked.
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 19m
imagine being the exact cause to his tweet and remaining blissfully unaware of it
le ultimate fangirl @dumboiscuteok • 20m
THERE YOU ARE WHAT ARE YOUR OPINIONS ON THE SHIP WAR????
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1s
i'm glad i steered clear of discourses since i first started tumblr 
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1m
lol.
Fallon Angel @ rugbytheocean • 2y
came out to my parents today! they're completely supportive of me i'm so happy!!
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1m
that's it trade your fucking life with mine. now.
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 2m
i'm glad i steered clear of discourses since i first started tumblr
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1m
lol.
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 3y
Came out today! I filmed it too so go watch it on my tumblr:

  tumblr.dont-touch-my-succulents/

 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
i stalk random people in my free time stop asking.
 
 
 
Today 16:27
Me (Simon) Heyy are you okay? Talk to me whenever you want to I'll wait here 
Fellow fanboy fine.
Fellow fanboy nothing happened.
Fellow fanboy wrote this though read if u want.
Fellow fanboy http://archiveofourown.org/works/10580781
Me (Simon) Okay I will
Me (Simon) Take care though it's raining tonight so don't go anywhere, I'll come over and bring you some brownies tomorrow
Fellow fanboy you're a fucking mom. don't bother yourself with my shit and go read the fucking fic.
Me (Simon) I'm everyone's mom ((: I will bake you brownies don't you worry sweet child
Fellow fanboy thanks. as little sugar as possible? 
Me (Simon) As always &lt;3
 
 
 
Today at 17:00
meme-rice confession timee
meme-rice i'm jo
dont-touch-my-succulents Spirit that bears the name Jo, who are you and what have you done to Maurice's body?
meme-rice to that doodle of roger u sent me
meme-rice wtf
dont-touch-my-succulents Lol I thought you said you were someone named Jo
meme-rice noo lol jo = jerk(ing) off
dont-touch-my-succulents So, does the doodle match your fantasies ;)
meme-rice ashamed meme :"))
dont-touch-my-succulents Well, in that case ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
dont-touch-my-succulents 

  

meme-rice BLUSHING MEME
meme-rice SIMON Y U SO MEAN
meme-rice MY DICK AIN'T THAT BIG
meme-rice ACTUALLY NO DICKS ARE THAT BIG I THINK
dont-touch-my-succulents Just perspectives ;)
meme-rice ok that's it this is my new jo pic lol
meme-rice btw
meme-rice where r u going with the ship war thing??
meme-rice roger seems v uncomfortable 
meme-rice i think we should stop
dont-touch-my-succulents It all happens for a reason
dont-touch-my-succulents Whether or not it succeeds depends on your actions tonight
meme-rice wAIT SO UR PRESSURING ROGER INTO LIKING ME OR SOMETHING????
meme-rice THAT'S NOT GOOD
dont-touch-my-succulents What? No I'd never do that! I didn't plan any of this
dont-touch-my-succulents It's just that this will be the perfect time for Roger to confess to you and end the war
dont-touch-my-succulents You know tumblr won't take neither for an answer
meme-rice but likeee 
meme-rice how are u so sure he likes me???
dont-touch-my-succulents I have my method
meme-rice I DEMAND AN ANSWER
don-touch-my-succulents I CAN'T BETRAY ROGER IT'S TOO MUCH
meme-rice WHAT DID HE SAY TELLLL
dont-touch-my-succulents hetextedmeandtoldmehelikedyouwhenhewasdrunkascraplastyearwhenhesnuckintoseniorpromwithyouandjack
dont-touch-my-succulents There, I said it
dont-touch-my-succulents Forgive me Roger for I have sinned
meme-rice blshinmemblshingmeemblushingmeme
meme-rice ferventlyblushingmeme
meme-rice ok i hate u simon i can't stop blushing nowww
dont-touch-my-succulents YOU MADE ME SAY IT
dont-touch-my-succulents I WILL NEVER FORGIVE MYSELF FOR THIS SHAMEFUL ACT
meme-rice I'M FREAKING OUT AS WELL U KNO
meme-rice THAT MEASN THAT THE 
meme-rice THE KSISS IN THAT CLOSET WASS
meme-rice WAS
meme-rice LAKJJNFVLASKNVALKSNKLJASVNA
meme-rice meme has malfunctioned
 
 
 
smol angsty bean
18:09
home?
aklsdjc
 what?
i asked if u were home.
um yea why?
coming over.
wHT
okay
why do u seem so panicked?
whATTT NO WAY
BUT IT'S RAINING
u going outside like this???
yeah. why?
thirty minutes.
BUT THAT'S LIKE WALKING TIME
WHERE'RE UR CARRR???
18:21
ROGER??
UR NOT REPLYING
 
 
 
Me (Maurice), love advisor and jackass

Today 18:25
Me (Maurice) HE COMING OVER I'M SPAZZING TF OUT
Me (Maurice) HALPPP
jackass doesn't he usually come over to ur place anyway
Me (Maurice) YEAHH but this time i have acquired exclusive knowledge about himmm
jackass and what is it?
Me (Maurice) SImonnn explain for me
love advisor I might have told him about last year's senior prom
jackass ok
Me (Maurice) IDK WHAT TO DOOO
Me (Maurice) HE'LL BE HERE ANY SECOND NOW
jackass lmao u have tonight to fuck him that's how i interpret this text
Me (Maurice) SIMONN what do u think??
love advisor Similar to Jack tbh
Me (Maurice) AKSDJCNAS U GUYS ARE ACTUALLY CONFIDENT I CAN GET THE D??
jackass more like the A roger is a bot
Me (Maurice) jEaLoUs MeMe 
Me (Maurice) hOW DID U KNOW THAT
love advisor It's written all over his tumblr lol
Me (Maurice) o um..
Me (Maurice) alskjdncasln ok imma go prepare stuff for him
love advisor WEAR PROTECTION
jackass he's gone
love advisor The bby is too far gone now I hope they end well and adopt cats
jackass u know i like this version of u more
jackass irl u is a fucking log
love advisor Right... if you don't want me to ruin our performance next month you'd better stahp
jackass try me bitch
jackass i'll make sure ralph's ass hurts the next time u see him if u even dare miss a note
love advisor hOW DARE 
love advisor YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED NEAR MY SUNSHINE BBY EVER AGAIN
love advisor GO AWAY DEMON BE GONE
 
 
 
nervousnervousNERVOUS @morerice • 1s
it's raining
hope he brought an umbrella
 
current rogice fangirl @kittyexplosion • 1s
CUTE MAURICE WORRYING ABOUT HIS BOYFRIEND MOMENT WORTH RECORDING INTO ROGICE HISTORY @thing2
nervousnervousNERVOUS @morerice • 1m
it's raining
hope he brought an umbrella
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 30s 
oh shit #revelation
 
that one guy with sunglasses @dollarbill • 1s
wtf ?
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 1m
oh shit #revelation
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 1s
i now know the reason to those lols
that one guy with sunglasses @dollarbill • 30s
wtf ?
 
 
 
Today 18:54
bundle of angst open your fucking door.
Me (Maurice) srry the rain was loud i wasn't paying attention
Me (Maurice) coming right downn
bundle of angst be fucking quick because i'm about to c
 
 
 
Roger collapsed forward the moment Maurice opened the door. He caught the soaked body in his arms, his heartbeats accelerating once more, still not completely recovered from the anticipation and surprise induced by the visit itself. He closed the door just one second after the shock, hastily dragging Roger inside, telling himself that he would deal with the water trails later. 
As Maurice stopped to switch to carrying Roger, something moved under the latter's shirt, causing Maurice's momentary mortification. Once it was over, he lifted the wet fabric, swallowing just a bit when his finger brushed through the unconscious boy's skin. That something moved again, and, in only a few seconds, a kitten was nestled on Maurice's neck, shivering, but considerably less soaked than its owner. Maurice made sure the kitten curling on his shoulders was steady, then hurried to his room. 
It took Maurice a long time before deciding on changing Roger's clothes for him. The kitten, named Cat in a Roger-like fashion, by then had been dried, and had found itself a bed in the pile of blankets and pillows on Maurice's own bed. Maurice carried the still-unconscious Roger into his bathroom, peeling off each item of clothing with extra care, before the rush of heat reached his face and he realized that "changing clothes" also meant changing Roger's underwear. A few more seconds of fervent blushing passed before he decided to lightly tug at the hem of the soaked boxers, his warm fingers trying to resist tracing along the cold skin. Why jerk off to Simon's doodles when the real thing is right there in front of him?
Maurice ended up squeezing his eyes shut to stay on task, but even so, the rhythm of Roger's breath was already too much.
Not long after Maurice laid him down on the bed, fully clothed, with a piping hot bowl of simple oatmeal congee (about the only dish belonging to the "soup" spectrum Maurice knew how to make) on the nightstand, Roger woke up. Maurice was playing with Cat as he waited, almost sighing in relief when he saw the groggy gray eyes opening. Seeing its owner finally waking up, Cat wiggled its butt a bit before pouncing on the bed, jumping its way to the sleepy boy in Maurice's clothes. Roger caught Cat, laying it on his lap and petting its head, (unknowingly) wearing the subtle but cute smile he had whenever he was around these tiny feline creatures. Maurice was even further gone now.
"Sorry for bothering you." Ever the consistent, even when he initiated the conversation. Maurice almost swallowed as the gray eyes were directed toward him, almost letting his heart fall out of his chest just from a simple look.
"Um.. yeah, it's— it's nothing." He finally managed a reply after a while of fidgeting. It wasn't like at school at all, and it wasn't like the other times, when Roger had his own clothes that fit. They were in the same room, alone together, and Roger was wearing Maurice's clothes, down to the underwear, which sagged down like a dress and were two sizes too large. Maurice reminded himself to breathe.
Roger didn't seem to pay his mind to this, and continued to pet his kitten. Maurice watched as the small smile began growing on his lips again, green eyes trailing up to look at gray, only to see a slight knitting of the brows and a particular sort of gloom, one that only Maurice recognized. The brunette stood up and made his way to the bed, in time to sit down and swipe away the drop of water rolling down his friend's cheek. Cat jumped on his lap, then launched itself down to the ground, retreating back to the pile of blankets, as if it knew when Roger needed privacy.  
"Is it the thing about them again?" He asked, and Roger nodded, slowly at first, then furiously. Maurice felt a tinge of pride in his guts, being the only person Roger confided in enough to know about his worst issue. It subsided fast enough when he saw the trembling lips.
"Told me they'd kill me. The— whole.. family this time." Roger's voice gradually faded, before all there was left was his shaky breath.
Maurice said nothing, only pulling Roger onto his lap and wrapped his arms around him. He couldn't say anything throughout the entirety of the silence that he would normally have been uncomfortable with. He wished he could, but he was in no position to say such things, because they had done nothing but set Roger off in the past. So instead, Maurice just held his friend, sometimes rocking a bit like he would with a baby. On some occasions, a whole area of his shirt would be wet afterward, and on some else, he would be stuck sitting and holding a sleeping Roger, not daring to move. Maurice was fine with both.
"I want to stay over.. for a few days. Is that okay?" The voice that came from underneath his chin was getting sleepy again. 
"Yeah." 
"Thanks." 
The room was still bright when Roger finally decided to close his eyes, and Maurice thought maybe if he could invest on a remote controlled light system in his room, he wouldn't have to stare at the light for the next five hours or so. But Roger opened his eyes again, pushing Maurice down to the bed and telling him not to leave, then got up and turned off the lights, so that the room was now pitch black despite it being just eight in the evening. Roger climbed back into bed, pulled the blanket up to his elbow, legs tangling into Maurice's own. He lay his head on Maurice's chest, one arm draping on top of the brunette's torso, and Maurice hoped Roger couldn't hear the heart that was morphing into a drum in his chest. 
"Your shoulders are so wide, chest too. Good for sleeping on." Roger mumbled, then yawned a bit. "Wish that one person you like never came.. so I can sleep on you forever." 
There was a pang in Maurice's heart. 
"Roger, I l—"
"Shut. Let me sleep."
Maurice guessed that was the closest to a confession he could get. He was fine with that, too.
 
 
 
happy meme @morerice • 1m
tfw when ur sleeping position is uncomfortable but he looks too cute sleeping so u can't risk it



    Chapter Text
  
erik-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me 
RARE FOOTAGE OF SIMON FANBOYING IRL 
NOT A CLICKBAIT!!!
 
samuel-l-jackson-backup reblogged from erik-lehsherr-is-marvel-me and added:

  erik-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me

RARE FOOTAGE OF SIMON FANBOYING IRL
NOT A CLICKBAIT!!!
CLICK IT IT'S LEGIT SHIT™
 
 



    Chapter Text
  
Me (Maurice), love advisor and jackass
Today 6:07
love advisor OK WHAT HAPPENED LAST NIGHT I SAW THAT TWEET S P I L L
 Me (Maurice) we cuddled?
 jackass that's fucking it?
 love advisor You ruined my expectations
 love advisor I thought a person with a 9-inch dong would have done better
 Me (Maurice) ok first of all never use "dong" when addressing a dick again
 Me (Maurice) not only does it sound wrong it's down right depressing
 jackass who are u and where tf did all that salt come from?
 Me (Maurice) no lol it just spilled out i think roger possessed my body
 Me (Maurice) ANyway
 Me (Maurice) the only reason why we didn't do anything last night was because he didn't confess anything and was kind of a rollercoaster of emotions
 jackass ok yea that makes sense bc i remember why he kept lol-ing at the tweets
 love advisor He told me there was nothing to worry about yesterday so i didn't think much
 love advisor Although I did bake him my signature brownies to cheer him up a bit
 Me (Maurice) do u remember how all those tweets he answered to are tweets about coming out?
 love advisor Oh
 Me (Maurice) it's ok u didn't know
 Me (Maurice) he didn't tell anyone about it anyway only jack nd i know
 Me (Maurice) btw look look
Me (Maurice)
love advisor &lt;3 at least you guys cuddled that's good 
love advisor Simon approved
love advisor And Maurice?
Me (Maurice) ye??
love advisor Don't think I didn't notice you guys looking exactly like Lance and Keith down to the hairstyle and clothes
jackass fuck no roger doesn't have a fucking mullet
love advisor I beg to differ? Have you SEEN his hair??
jackass yes and he has long hair, not a fucking mullet
Me (Maurice) HOLY SHIT
Me (Maurice) yes we do 
Me (Maurice) look like keith and lance that is
Me (Maurice) wait but does this mean the great jackass merridouche ALSO watches voltron???
jackass ...no
love advisor Yes
jackass ok look ralph fucking dragged me into it when we were doing netflix and chill
love advisor Did anyone hear Choo Choo? Because here comes the excuses train
Me (Maurice) this just in, jackass merribitch, head boi and secret nerd?
jackass wow
jackass i came to have a good time and i'm honestly feeling so fucking attacked rn
jackass u bitches don't deserve my sacrifice of waking up at this ungodly hour
 
 
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 8h
tfw netflix and chill becomes just netflix bc both parties agree that shiro is too hot not to continue
 
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 1m
IKR
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 8h
tfw netflix and chill becomes just netflix bc both parties agree that shiro is too hot not to continue
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1m
how did maurice survive without rosemary?
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 7h
who knew the great jackass merribitch is this much of a nerd?
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 1m
i'll have u know i'm fucking offended by this and ur lucky u left my house early 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 7h
who knew the great jackass merribitch is this much of a nerd?
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 1s
three hours later, i emerge from the death trap called sleeping in only to find everyone collectively agrees on calling me jackass merridouche
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
ok @lordoftheplants maurice is blasting gasolina all around the fucking house and i need emotional support.
 
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 1s
HOW DARE YOU HURT MY BBY @morerice
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 30s
ok @lordoftheplants maurice is blasting gasolina all around the fucking house and i need emotional support.
 
happy meme @morerice • 1s 
ok fine @severelyapathetic i will change the music to hips don't lie and get u to dance to it with me
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 1m
HOW DARE YOU HURT MY BBY @morerice
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
no.
happy meme @morerice • 1s 
ok fine @severelyapathetic i will change the music to hips don't lie and get u to dance to it with me
 
 
 
erik-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me
ok guys we all know who won the ship war from this morning's twitter let's cease fire
or at least try to call a truce
#roger ship war  #rogice  #rogermon  
 
samuel-l-jackson-backup reblogged from erik-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me and added:

  erik-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me

ok guys we all know who won the ship war from this morning's twitter let's cease fire
or at least try to call a truce
as much as i hate to accept our loss, he is being reasonable, and i'm supposed to be the level-headed twin, according to popular fandom headcanons
 
erik-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me reblogged from samuel-l-jackson-backup and added:

  samuel-l-jackson-backup

as much as i hate to accept our loss, he is being reasonable, and i'm supposed to be the level-headed twin, according to popular fandom headcanons
wait what fandom headcanons?
 
princecharmingmyass 

oneliner.
#scheduled post.  #aesthetic-ish.  #my art.  
 
princecharmingmyass 
cat just sneezed. what a glorious spectacle.
 
 
 
Today 10:13
bundle of angst hey maurice?
Me (Maurice) yes child?
bundle of angst first of all, no.
bundle of angst can u come down here and help me with the food?
Me (Maurice) did u burn anything?
bundle of angst sort of?
bundle of angst please just come down.
Me (Maurice) i can hear u swearing
Me (Maurice) that's not a good sign isn't it
bundle of angst no.
 
 
 
happy meme @morerice • 1m
so roger nearly burnt down my kitchen by attempting to make a salad
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 1s
are u guys in the fucking sims or some shit
and how does roger even suck this much at cooking? u and i both saw him cook
happy meme @morerice • 2m
so roger nearly burnt down my kitchen by attempting to make a salad
 
happy meme @morerice • 1s 
yea so apparently performing flambé with our barbecue and attempting a salad require different skill levels
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 1m
are u guys in the fucking sims or some shit
and how does roger even suck this much at cooking? u and i both saw him cook
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
@morerice @fuckinexclusive fuck u both.
 
happy meme @morerice • 1s
with pleasure
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1m
@morerice @fuckinexclusive fuck u both.
 
Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 1s
sadly i can't join ur threesome as i'm happily taken by @rugbytheocean 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1m
@morerice @fuckinexclusive fuck u both.
 
happy meme @morerice • 1s 
google how do i pull roger out from his pile of shame under the sheets?
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
u don't.
happy meme @morerice • 1m
google how do i pull roger out from his pile of shame under the sheets?
 
ROGICE LIVES @thing2 • 1s
u have a 9-inch-dick use it
happy meme @morerice • 1m
google how do i pull roger out from his pile of shame under the sheets?
 
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 1s
Dance to Shakira rmb emphasis on your hips 
happy meme @morerice • 1m
google how do i pull roger out from his pile of shame under the sheets?
 
 
 
Today 10:57
Me (Maurice) rogerr
bundle of angst no.
Me (Maurice) i'm turning the music on
bundle of angst go away.
Me (Maurice) i'm starting to danceee
Me (Maurice) roger? u okay there? u aren't moving
Me (Maurice) ¿mi cariño?
Me (Maurice) te follaré después de este baile
Me (Maurice) did u just throw ur phone away?
 
(Roger ended up being pulled into a dance after he got over his initial embarrassment (even though he can't dance for shit). Maurice didn't do as he said he would afterward, which was a loss on us fangirls' part and a relief on Roger's part because who fucking allowed Maurice to be sexy when he danced and Roger didn't want to think about that charm being utilized in the bedroom. It gave him goosebumps and made his face heat up like Satan's personal shitstained sauna.)



    Chapter Text
  Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 6h
there is an ap bio test right after fall break and that fact fucked us all over
#sendhelp
 
Beez-kneez retweeted 
 Jack Merri-8-inch-dick @fuckinexclusive • 6h
there is an ap bio test right after fall break and that fact fucked us all over
#sendhelp
 
Beez-kneez @thing2 • 1h
my and sam's tragic downfall starts with binging on shitty sit-coms when we were supposed to be studying
 
Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1h
i feel like i'm missing out on a lot lately
i think jess forgot i existed 
 
No. 1 Bookaholic retweeted
 Fallon Angel @rugbytheocean • 1h
i feel like i'm missing out on a lot lately
i think jess forgot i existed 
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 5h
keith and lance klanced my soul haha i made a joke are u laughing.
 
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 2m
The real joke here is that you and @morerice are the irl Klance
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 5h
keith and lance klanced my soul haha i made a joke are u laughing.
 
happy meme @morerice • 1s
oH NO WE ARE #eXPOsEd
ROGER AND MAURICE ARE KLANCE IRL REINCARNATION CONFIRMED
*x files theme plays* 
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 3m
The real joke here is that you and @morerice are the irl Klance
 
happy meme @morerice • 1s
@severelyapathetic *softly with a lot of feelings* h E Y M A N
 
Life of a tree-hugger @lordoftheplants • 1s
@morerice @severelyapathetic You guys are also the irl Pliroy omg
 
scream in 45 languages @severelyapathetic • 1s
@morerice @lordoftheplants i hate u both.
 
 
 
dont-touch-my-succulents 
Never in my short life have I seen a ship war ending so... quickly and peacefully
#Roger ship war  #Rogice  #Rogermon  #Wow  #I am appalled  #And impressed  #Great job Tumblr  #For once
 
oceaneyes reblogged from neeedy

  neeedy

keep me close or else.
 
meme-rice 
gnna disappear into a pile of stuffed animals and cuddle roger and watch stranger things in one (1) sitting
see y'all in 8 hours
#stranger things  #rogice  #yES I USED THE TAG  #u know y??  #i'm passing out free shipping material  #ship away mis hijos
 
eric-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me reblogged from dont-touch-my-succulents and added:

  dont-touch-my-succulents 

Never in my short life have I seen a ship war ending so... quickly and peacefully
tru tho
 
eric-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me reblogged from meme-rice and added:

  meme-rice 

gnna disappear into a pile of stuffed animals and cuddle roger and watch stranger things in one (1) sitting
see y'all in 8 hours
Best Man and Boyfriend award goes to Maurice
#rogice  #seriously tho why are they so cute
 
meme-rice reblogged from eric-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me and added:

  eric-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me

Best Man and Boyfriend award goes to Maurice
not boyfriend yet but thank u
seriously tho i gotta get back to watching or roger will cut my ball sack off and i need them for [undisclosed activities]
 
samuel-l-jackson-backup reblogged from meme-rice and added:

  meme-rice

not boyfriend yet but thank u
seriously tho i gotta get back to watching or roger will cut my ball sack off and i need them for [undisclosed activities]
you can tap that ass we have faith in you
and yes, I am aware that I have been dragged to the bottomless pit of Rogice but seriously THEY ARE SO CUTE HOW COULD YOU NOT???
#rogice
 
eric-lehnsherr-is-marvel-me
i emerge victorious
 
 
 
 
gardenista

Liked by gallileostarboy, meme.chief.maurice and 
 47 others
gardenista @high.on.lithium Custom-made brownies,
so little sugar and probably brooding just like him
gallileostarboy talk with me for a sec?
gardenista sure buddy
30 minutes ago
 
 
 
Today 8:13
simone So?
 simone What's been bothering you?
 Me (Ralph) call
 
 
 
[8:14]
Call from simone —— [Pick up] —— Decline
[You seem... off? Everything okay?]
no, not really
[You know you can tell me everything right?]
yeah
[So please do, Roger's brownies still need time to cool a bit. I can still talk]
i feel like jack isn't telling me everything, like he's still hiding something. i don't thinking that something is important to our relationship now, per se, but, still, there's something he hasn't told me yet about us
[And you know this because?]
i don't know, it's just a gut feeling thing. maybe i'm just being too insecure for my own good again
[Okay, or maybe you aren't, there are equal chances of both things happening, considering that Jack is kind of a conceited apricot hellbeast]
don't say those two phrases together ever again
[Noted. Anyway, what did he say that gave you that.. um... suspicion?]
well, every time i scroll up near that point my tumblr app crashes, but he did say something during our first time talking—
[You guys first talked to each other next to a vending machine]
okay, first of all, why did you remember that, and second of all, no, i meant that time when i was drunk texting him
[Okay... I never wanted to remember that time again because you lied to me, but what did he say?]
something along the lines of "but we were enemies"
[I mean, you guys do bicker a lot]
yeah, but is it to the point of enemies? 
[I don't know, but do you think it's important for you to know?]
i don't think it's that important, really, just... i kinda want to know why he thought we were enemies
[Talk to him, then. Communication is key is relationships my child]
i don't know how to, like, even start this conversation. do i just open a chat and ask him?
[Of course not, bring it up naturally. You're good at that]
right, i forgot i was for a moment there. thanks for the talk anyway, simon
[Anytime]
Call ended 8:09
 
 
 
Today 8:49
simon. Roger I'm downstairs
 
 
 
[8:51]
2 Missed calls from simon. 
 
 
 
Today 8:53
Me (Roger) hey this is maurice on roger's phone cuz he's sleeping so much for stranger things haha (i'll send u pics later he's SO CUTE WTF)
 Me (Roger) what's up?? why were u at roger's??
 simon. Nothing really I just brought him some brownies
 simon. I promised him some the other day
 Me (Roger) can u bring them over to my house thanks roger's still here
 simon. Roger's never been at your house for more than two days before. What's the matter?
 Me (Roger) um..
 Me (Roger) i'm not in the position to tell u just pls bring the brownies over to my house
 simon. Okay...
 Me (Roger) thank u
 
 
 
[9:10]
Call from Plant Lord —— [Pick up] —— Decline
[Hey, I'm here]
bROWNIESSS
[Okay, but I still don't get the deal over at Rog— sweet Jesus I can hear you screaming from outside]
i'm outside, hand me the goods
[They're brownies, not pot brownies. And why are we still talking over the phone?]
it feels less awkward this way when i discuss confidential information
[Things about Roger?]
shut up he'll hear you
[I thought he's sleeping?]
yeah but he has sharp ears, all... trained at his house
[Oh]
yeah, it's really... all i can tell you right now, just, like hinting a bit at it and hope you somewhat get the picture
[Yeah]
don't worry, he'll tell you when he's ready. it's not that you're not a good friend, he just... takes longer to trust people and he's known me the longest
[It's fine, I'm glad you're actually good at handling him]
i feel very flattered, thank you
[Anyway, I should head back, and this face-to-face phone communication thing is doing a number on my wallet, so... see you guys at school]
see yo— wait, did you tell his parents where he was?
[I told them he might be at your place]
shit
Call ended 7:18
 
 
 
[9:18]
5 missed calls from матушка.
6 missed calls from лалочка.
 

